浴室中的视觉盛宴 Duravit北京旗舰店开幕
　　Duravit作为享誉世界的顶级卫浴公司之一，以其深厚的文化底蕴和卓越的设计感引领着全球卫浴行业的潮流，它将昔日平淡刻板的浴室改造成了充满感官享受的天堂。【相关阅读>>Duravit王晓刚：我们不追随潮流 我们创造潮流】
　　As a renowned topsanitaryware brand in the world, Duravit leads the global trend of thisindustry by its rich art elements and superior designs. It turns dull and plainbathroom into heaven full of senses of enjoyment。
　　2010年8月28日Duravit北京旗舰展厅隆重开幕。Duravit中国区总经理朗格先生、Duravit中国区销售及市场总监王晓刚先生为嘉宾们简单介绍了Duravit的品牌历程及未来的发展规划。此次Duravit北京旗舰店的开幕，不仅对推动华北区的销售有着重大的意义，更进一步提升了Duravit品牌的知名度和影响力。作为Duravit在中国最大的展厅，北京旗舰店向中国消费者诠释了Duravit“高尚卫浴享受”的整体卫浴理念。通过对Duravit产品和文化的进一步了解，Duravit经销商北京金隅商贸有限公司对于Duravit在卫浴市场的未来发展充满了期待。
　　Duravit Beijing flagshipstore opened on 28th August,2010. Mr. Lange, General Manager of Duravit China, Mr. James Wang，Sales and Marketing Director of Duravit China made the brief speech aboutthe history & culture of Duravit and the development plan in the future.The opening of Duravit Beijing flagship store is also of great significance to drivesales volumes of north area besides enhancing the awareness and influence of Duravitbranding. As the largest showroom in China,Duravit Beijing flagship store explains the meaning of “Living bathrooms” to China consumers by itself. With a further understanding of Duravit products andculture, Duravit distributors are expecting the development of Duravit inbathroom market even more in the future。
　　自进入中国市场以来，Duravit秉承其惯有的高贵品质，将国际卫浴的流行风尚与中国市场的特色进行有机结合。公司里来自国际的众多知名设计师，不仅成就了公司在产品设计和卫浴文化里面的卓越地位，还努力将世界卫浴潮流的信息，透过各类产品及时传递给中国的用户。同时，力求通过了解中国市场而研发设计更贴合国内需求的卫浴产品。并且，Duravit与国内众多知名设计师在全国各重要的大中型项目上进行了合作，广泛的接触使得越来越多的资深设计师喜欢上这一品牌，他们不仅被它创新的设计理念所吸引，同时对它优良的品质也极为信赖。
　　With inherent noblecharacters since entrance into Chinese market, Duravit keeps effort tointegrate international sanitaryware fashions into local market features. Itsinternationally eminent designers develop not just many hot sale productsbeloved, but sharing the exotic vogue of this industry with its consumers in China.Via cooperation with numerous top designers on various big and mid-sizeprojects in China, Duravit formed an outstanding local position in the field ofproduct design and sanitaryware culture; these prestigious designers areattracted by its innovative concepts, become fascinated by this brand and puttheir extreme trusts on these products of excellent quality。
　　正是源于Duravit这几年来在中国始终不断地创新发展，其取得的成就不仅在国外，更是在国内屡获权威大奖。通过参与多项国内专业领域的活动，Duravit也多次从众多参选的国际知名品牌中胜出。通过这些奖项的获得，也充分表明了Duravit在中国市场的成功立足，有越来越多的消费者了解并且开始喜爱Duravit的产品，也为Duravit在国内市场的拓展建立了更稳固的基础。
　　Just for that Duravitendeavors for continuous innovation and development, its achievements havecrossed the country borders and been repeatedly recognized in China as well by a couple ofauthoritative grand prizes. These awards were won through rigorous competitionsout of top international brands; they fully shows that more and more Chineseconsumers become to understand and like Duravit products, which set strongerfoundation for its future growth and success in China。

