超全总结：SAT作文考试的十大要点
　　3.改写文章
　　Questions 9-14 refer to the following passage。
　　(1) On September 10, 1973, the United States Postal Service issued a stamp honoring Henry Ossawa Tanner (1859-1937)， one of four stamps in the American Arts series. (2) Acclaimed as an artist in the United States and Europe at the turn of the century, Tanner was called the “dean” of art by W. E. B. Du Bois. (3) But after his death, Tanner’s work was largely forgotten. (4) And so it remained, and even later, in 1969, the donation of one of his paintings to the Smithsonian Institution aroused new interest in the art of this American master. (5) Now his works are on exhibit again. (6) You can even buy posters of his paintings!
　　(7) One of his most famous works is a realistic painting by the name of “The Banjo Lesson。” (8) It was inspired by a poem of Paul Laurence Dunbar. (9) The painting isn’t like a photograph. (10) The magnificence of his work can be seen with each subtle brush stroke, each carefully crafted detail. (11) The effect is truly beautiful. (12) If I were to try to identify the dominant theme of the painting, I would have to say that it is family cohesiveness because the entire scene seems to emphasize the bond between the boy and his grandfather。
　　9. Which is the best version of the underlined part of sentence 2 (reproduced below) ?
　　Acclaimed as an artist in the United States and Europe at the turn of the century, Tanner was called the “dean” of art by W. E. B. Du Bois。
　　(A) (as it is now)
　　(B) century; Tanner was called the “dean” of art by W. E. B. Du Bois
　　(C) century, Tanner, who was called “dean” of art by W. E. B. Du Bois
　　(D) century, W. E. B. Du Bois calling Tanner the “dean” of art
　　(E) century, it was W. E. B. Du Bois who called Tanner the “dean” of art
　　10. Which is the best version of the underlined portion of sentence 4 (reproduced below) ?
　　And so it remained, and even later, in 1969, the donation of one of his paintings to the Smithsonian Institution aroused new interest in the art of this American master。
　　(A) (as it is now)
　　(B) remained, and even after that, in 1969,
　　(C) remained, but even then, in 1969,
　　(D) remained until 1969, when
　　(E) remained when in 1969
　　11. In context, which is the best revision of sentence 6 (reproduced below) ? You can even buy posters of his paintings!
　　(A) It is amazing, you can buy posters of his paintings。
　　(B) Even ordinary people like us can buy posters of his paintings。
　　(C) Posters of his paintings had been sold。
　　(D) People can even buy his paintings as a poster。
　　(E) One can even buy posters of his paintings。
　　12. In context, which is the best way to revise sentence 7 (reproduced below) ?
　　One of his most famous works is a realistic painting by the name of “The Banjo Lesson。”
　　(A) Add “In contrast,” to the beginning of the sentence。
　　(B) Change “a realistic painting by the name of” to “the realistic painting”。
　　(C) Delete the words “of his most famous works”。
　　(D) Change “is” to “had been”。
　　(E) Delete “most famous”。
　　13. Which sentence is best inserted after sentence 7 ?
　　(A) The painting shows a man teaching his grandson how to play the banjo。
　　(B) He finished “The Banjo Lesson” in 1893.
　　(C) In the painting, a bright light sets off the man and boy。
　　(D) Banjos came to the United States from West Africa。
　　(E) Portraits by Tanner show a psychological depth and compassion。
　　14. Which is best to add to the beginning of sentence 9 ?
　　(A) Although it is realistic,
　　(B) You can almost hear the music, but
　　(C) Photographs have a beauty of their own, but
　　(D) As a lifelike work,
　　(E) Some people just copy what they see;
　　4.试题答案
　　1.(C)，  2.(C)，   3.(A)，  4.(C)， 
　　5.(B)，  6.(E)，  7.(C)，  8. (B)，
　　9.(A)，  10.(D)，  11.(E)，  12.(B)，  13.(A)，  14.(A)
　　第四节SAT作文
　　SAT的作文是SAT三大内容(数学，阅读，写作)之一的写作内容的一个组成部分，它同语法考试一起组成了写作考试，写作部分的总分为800分。在这800分中，作文的分数约占总分的1/4，但由于这一分数不仅被单列出来，而且作文的影印件还被提交给各大学，所以使得作文显得尤其重要。可以说好的作文分数不一定会提高你的录取可能性，但很差的作文分数却会使你提前出局。
　　本章中将通过如下的5部分内容使读者对SAT作文有一个清晰的认识和基本的了解。这5节是SAT作文考核何种能力；SAT作文如何评分过程；SAT作文的评分标准；SAT作文的特点；SAT作文的例子。
　　作文的得分范围是0-12分，它在写作这一项的具体所占分数的比例可参考表5-3-2。
　　一、SAT作文考核何种能力
　　SAT作文正象大家所认为的那样：它是为测试考生的写作能力而设置的。至于目前使用的考试形式是否能考出考生的写作能力，却存在着很大的分歧，一些美国的教育专家和考试专家认为这一考法根本无法正确评估考生的写作能力，所以认为应取消它或改变它。更有专家做了实验，实验结果否定了它的评估权威性。实验是这样的做的：在某高中随机抽出一组学生，对他们进行作文考试，记下他们的得分。在考核之后对这些学生进行为期3天的培训和具有针对性的写作训练，经过3天的强化之后再测试他们，却出现了戏剧性的结果：这组学生的作文分数平均提高了3分(12分为满分)。也就是说。经过3天的写作强化，一个5分学生竟然可提高到8分，而一个8分学生竟然可能提高到了11分。
　　三天的任何训练都无法真正提高一个人的写作水平，这一点作者认为是无可争议的。那么如何解释这3分呢？作者不想在此给出任何解释，留给读者思考吧。作者只是想说这种考试不仅仍然存在着，而且丝毫未变。这一现象对我们英语是非母语的考生来说，未必是一件坏事，只要你得到要领，做适当练习和必要的考前准备，或许不止提高3分呢。
　　在这里作者想告诉大家SAT作文是如此来考核考生的。在25分钟的短暂时间里考生能组织出怎样的一篇议论文草稿。通过对这一草稿的量(字数的多少)，质(论述及例子的好坏)和色(愠色和修辞的水平)来考核考生的写作能力。尽管排出三者的优先顺序是一件可笑的事。但作者凭经验而言，仍想牵强地给出如下的优先顺序：量〉质〉色。
　　二、SAT作文的标准
　　SAT作文题都是议论文，理想的文章应具有以下特点：严谨，清晰的论点，有说服力的论据，恰到好处的事例，多样化的句型，丰富的词汇和正确的语法。美国教育考试服务中心(ETS)公布了各个分数的作文所具有的特点。下面给出它的原文，供读者了解、学习和掌握。在此评分的范围是0-6分。不过作者想告诉大家，这不是作文评卷人使用的评分依据，因为它太不具体了。
　　Score of 6
　　An essay in this category demonstrates clear and consistent mastery, although it may have a few minor errors. A typical essay:
　　Effectively and insightfully develops a point of view on the issue and demonstrates outstanding critical thinking, using clearly appropriate examples, reasons, and other evidence to support its position
　　Is well organized and clearly focused, demonstrating clear coherence and smooth progression of ideas
　　Exhibits skillful use of language, using a varied, accurate, and apt vocabulary
　　Demonstrates meaningful variety in sentence structure
　　Is free of most errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics
　　Score of 5
　　An essay in this category demonstrates reasonably consistent mastery, although it will have occasional errors or lapses in quality. A typical essay:
　　Effectively develops a point of view on the issue and demonstrates strong critical thinking, generally using appropriate examples, reasons, and other evidence to support its position
　　Is well organized and focused, demonstrating coherence and progression of ideas
　　Exhibits facility in the use of language, using appropriate vocabulary
　　Demonstrates variety in sentence structure
　　Is generally free of most errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics
　　Score of 4
　　An essay in this category demonstrates adequate mastery, although it will have lapses in quality. A typical essay:
　　Develops a point of view on the issue and demonstrates competent critical thinking, using adequate examples, reasons, and other evidence to support its position
　　Is generally organized and focused, demonstrating some coherence and progression of ideas
　　Exhibits adequate but inconsistent facility in the use of language, using generally appropriate vocabulary
　　Demonstrates some variety in sentence structure
　　Has some errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics
　　Score of 3
　　An essay in this category demonstrates developing mastery, and is marked by one or more of the following weaknesses:
　　Develops a point of view on the issue, demonstrating some critical thinking, but may do so inconsistently or use inadequate examples, reasons, or other evidence to support its position
　　Is limited in its organization or focus, but may demonstrate some lapses in coherence or progression of ideas
　　Displays developing facility in the use of language, but sometimes uses weak vocabulary or inappropriate word choice
　　Lacks variety or demonstrates problems in sentence structure
　　Contains an accumulation of errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics
　　Score of 2
　　An essay in this category demonstrates little mastery, and is flawed by one or more of the following weaknesses:
　　Develops a point of view on the issue that is vague or seriously limited, demonstrating weak critical thinking, providing inappropriate or insufficient examples, reasons, or other evidence to support its position
　　Is poorly organized and/or focused, or demonstrates serious problems with coherence or progression of ideas
　　Displays very little facility in the use of language, using very limited vocabulary or incorrect word choice
　　Demonstrates frequent problems in sentence structure
　　Contains errors in grammar, usage, and mechanics so serious that meaning is somewhat obscured
　　Score of 1
　　An essay in this category demonstrates very little or no mastery, and is severely flawed by one or more of the following weaknesses:
　　Develops no viable point of view on the issue, or provides little or no evidence to support its position
　　Is disorganized or unfocused, resulting in a disjointed or incoherent essay
　　Displays fundamental errors in vocabulary
　　Demonstrates severe flaws in sentence structure
　　Contains pervasive errors in grammar, usage, or mechanics that persistently interfere with meaning
　　Score of 0
　　Essays not written on the essay assignment will receive a score of 0.
　　三、SAT作文的评分过程
　　SAT作文的评阅是美国教育考试服务中心(ETS)召集大学和高中语文教师来完成的。委员会首先培训这些即将评卷的老师，给他们一篇文章，让大家根据自己的感觉来评分，分数范围定为1-6。结果自然平出的分数会有很大的差异。例如，A评卷人认为该样卷中有几处拼写错误，所以扣了一分，而B评卷人认为该样卷中有一处比喻写得恰到好处所以加了一分，这一减一加，就使得同一张卷子的得分有了2分的差异。这是评委会所不希望的，所以委员会会给评卷人讲解具体的评卷标准，告诉评卷人：几个拼写错误不要扣分，一个好的比喻也不要加分，然后大家再次评分。经过这样的多次试评，讲解，再试评，再讲解，最终所有评卷人对同一试卷几乎会给出相同的分数。在这种训练之后真正的评卷工作才开始，并规定每张试卷随机地被两名评卷人评定，分数为0-6分，如果两名评卷人的给分差小于、等于1分，那么这两个评卷人给出的分数的和即为这篇作文的最终得分。例如：评卷人A给了4分，评卷人B给了5分，那么该作文的最终得分是9分。如果两位老师评出的分数的差大于1分，那么该作文将由第三位评卷人来评判。如果多张试卷都需要第三位评卷人评阅的话，那将大大增加工作量，甚至延期分数的公布时间。由此可见，不同评卷人要评出相同分数或相近分数的重要性。所以每一位评卷人考虑的是如何能够同另一个评卷人评出相同或相近的分数。
　　再谈一下评卷人评一份作文的时间。据评过SAT作文的人说，评一份作文仅仅花1分半到2分钟时间，且评卷是在疲倦的状态下进行的。按作者的一位参加过评卷的朋友说：整个评阅过程是一个不连续的扫描过程，分数是在扫描的过程中逐渐形成的，即为一个印象分数。
　　神奇的是尽管评阅得如此快，但评卷人们却能评出几乎相同的分数。这说明他们心中有一个共同的“尺子”。尽可能地把这把尺子展现给读者是作者的目的。
　　四、SAT作文要点
　　这里所要讲的SAT作文要点是高中的写作老师不会讲的，因为它们没有通用性，对提高写作也没有任何帮助。但作者确信它对写好SAT作文是非常重要的。下面是SAT作文的10个要点：
　　要点1：所有SAT作文题目都是议论文
　　SAT作文均为议论文且无论你支持哪种观点都是可以的，不存在对与错，所以你无需担心你的观点是否正确。但要注意，在文中尽早亮出你的观点是必要的，它不仅告诉了评卷人你的态度，也为你自己定下了下面所要论述内容的方向。
　　要点2：SAT作文题目往往较大且模糊
　　这种题目是一把双刃剑，一方面因为题目大且模糊，会使得考生不好具体论述和举例；而另一方面它又给了你一个很大的选择缩小题目的空间。如果题目缩得好，既可做到不跑题，又可便于论述和举例。应注意，把大题目具体化，把模糊论题清晰化，是写好这类文章的关键。
　　要点3：例子是文章的核心
　　例子是文章必不可少的内容，更可以说是整个文章的核心，没有例子的文章是不敢想象的。要注意，空洞的论述远不及有说服力的例子，把注意力集中到举出例子和写好例子上是事关重要的。
　　要点4：什么样的例子是好例子
　　首先举的例子一定要能支持考生选定的观点，其次是举出的例子越贴近观点越好，第三是举出的例子越有说服力越好，最后是举出的例子越详细越好。
　　要点5：举几个例子为好
　　举例是必须的，举几个例子好呢？作者认为一个例子少了，两个或三个例子最好，举3个以上的例子既不实际也不必要。
　　要点6：文章尽量写长些
　　文章的长度是给分的一个重要指标，可以肯定地说，一篇短的文章即使写得很好也很难得高分。这很好理解，因为考作文的目之一就是测试考生在如此短的时间里能写出多少内容。
　　要点7：尽可能使用一些难词
　　在文中准确地使用一些SAT词(难词)是会加分的，尽管理论上大家认为难词越多越好，但因难词不好掌握，万一用错，得不偿失，故不宜多用，作者认为用量恰到好处为最佳。
　　要点8：个别不完善的语法现象不会影响分数
　　个别的不完善的语法现象不至于丢分。但应注意，个别的严重语法错误或多处的不完善语法现象会伤害你的文章。
　　要点9：个别用词不当不会丢分
　　个别的用词不当及拼写错误不会使你丢分。但应注意，多处用词不当或多个拼写错误就是另一回事了，它会降低你的文章质量。
　　要点10：在文章中做些涂抹不会影响分数
　　作者在前面已提到SAT作文是一草稿文章，所以是允许个别涂抹，勾划的。甚至划掉一两行也无妨，只是要注意不要使得文章变得难读懂了。这样做既不丢分，又可节省时间，可谓一举两得。
　　五、SAT作文例子
　　下面是2006年10月的SAT考试中的一个作文题目和一个考生答卷的影印件，该文得了8分。通过这个作文题和一个普通考生的答卷，作者希望读者对SAT作文有一个初步的感觉和一个基本的认识。为了保留原始模样，作者在此不给出汉语翻译。
　　作文题目：
　　ESSAY PROMPT
　　Think carefully about the issue presented in the following excerpt and the assignment below:
　　There are two kinds of pretending. There is the bad kind, as when a person falsely promises to be your friend. But there is also a good kind, where the pretense eventually turns into the real thing. For example, when you are not feeling particularly friendly, the best thing you can do, very often, is to act in a friendly manner. In a few minutes, you may really be feeling friendlier. Adapted from a book by C.S. Lewis
　　Assignment: Can deception--pretending that something is true when it is not--sometimes have good results? Plan and write an essay in which you develop your point of view on this issue. Support your position with reasoning and examples taken from your reading, studies, experience, or observations。

