超全总结：SAT考试长文各种阅读试题
　　6. The primary purpose of Passage 2 is to
　　(A) confirm a widely held belief
　　(B) discuss the inadequacies of a ruling
　　(C) defend a controversial technology
　　(D) analyze a widespread social problem
　　(E) lay the foundation for a course of action
　　7. What would be the most likely reaction by the author of Passage 1 to the argument cited in lines 16-21 of Passage 2 (“Nothing . . . another”) ?
　　(A) Surprise at the assumption that freedom of speech is indispensable to democracy
　　(B) Dismay at the Supreme Court’s vigorous defense of vendors’ rights
　　(C) Hope that the same reasoning would be applied to all unsolicited e-mail
　　(D) Concern for the plight of mass marketers facing substantial economic losses
　　(E) Appreciation for the political complexity of the debate about spam
　　8. Unlike the author of Passage 1, the author of Passage 2
　　(A) criticizes a practice
　　(B) offers an example
　　(C) proposes a solution
　　(D) states an opinion
　　(E) quotes an expert
　　3.长文阅读试题
　　下面是一篇阅读长文，由于篇幅原因只列出文章但未给出问题，作者在此只想让大家感受一下，若读者有兴趣练习更多的试题的话，请看其他关于SAT的书籍。
　　Passage 1 is from a 2003 book that examines the famous“I Have a Dream” speech delivered by Martin Luth rKing, Jr. at the historic March on Washington in August 1963. Passage 2 is from a 2000 biography of Martin Luther King, Jr. written by an African American scholar。
　　Passage 1
　　The ability of the “I Have a Dream” speech to highlight King’s early career at the expense of his later career accounts for the tone of impatience and betrayal that often appears when modern-day supporters of King’s agenda talk about the speech. Former Georgia state legislator Julian Bond said in 1986 that commemorations of King seemed to “focus almost entirely on Martin Luther King the dreamer, not on Martin King the antiwar activist, not on Martin King the challenger of the economic order, not on Martin King the opponent of apartheid, not on the complete Martin Luther King。” One King scholar has proposed a ten-year moratorium on reading or listening to the“I Have a Dream”speech, in the hopes that America will then discover the rest of King’s legacy. This proposal effectively concedes that King’s magnificent address cannot be recovered from the misuse and over quotation it has suffered since his death. But it is not clear that this is so. Even now, upon hearing the speech, one is struck by the many forms of King’s genius. Many people can still remember the first time they heard
　　“I Have a Dream,” and they tend to speak of that memory with the reverence reserved for a religious experience. At the very least, reflecting on the “I Have a Dream” speech should be an opportunity to be grateful for the astonishing transformation of America that the freedom movement wrought. In just under a decade, the civil rights movement brought down a system of segregation that stood essentially unaltered since Reconstruction. King’s dreams of an America free from racial discrimination are still some distance away, but it is astounding how far the nation has come since that hot August day in 1963. Segregation in the South has been dismantled; there are no longer “Whites Only” signs; segregationist governors do not try to prevent Black children from entering public schools. Toward the end of his life, King preached a sermon entitled “Ingratitude,” in which he called ingratitude “one of the greatest of all sins,” because the sinner “fail[s] to realize his dependence on others。” The annual Martin Luther King holiday is properly a day of national thanksgiving, a time for the nation to recognize the immense debt it owes to King and the thousands of heroes of the civil rights movement for saving the soul of America。
　　Passage 2
　　Martin Luther King was at his best when he was willing to reshape the wisdom of many of his intellectual predecessors. He ingeniously harnessed their ideas to his views to advocate sweeping social change. He believed that his early views on race failed to challenge America fundamentally. He later confessed that he had underestimated how deeply entrenched racism was in America. If Black Americans could not depend on goodwill to create social change, they had to provoke social change through bigger efforts at nonviolent direct action. This meant that Blacks and their allies had to obtain political power. They also had to try to restructure American society, solving the riddles of poverty and economic inequality. This is not the image of King that is celebrated on Martin Luther King Day. Many of King’s admirers are uncomfortable with a focus on his mature beliefs. They seek to deflect unfair attacks on King’s legacy by shrouding him in the cloth of superhuman heroism. In truth, this shroud is little more than romantic tissue. King’s image has often suffered a sad fate. His strengths have been needlessly exaggerated, his weaknesses wildly overplayed. King’s true legacy has been lost to cultural amnesia. As a nation, we have emphasized King’s aspiration to save America through inspiring words and sacrificial deeds. Time and again we replay the powerful image of King standing on a national stage in the shadow of the Lincoln Memorial mouthing perhaps the most famous four words ever uttered by a Black American: “I have a dream。” For most Americans, those words capture King’s unique genius. They express his immortal longing for freedom, a longing that is familiar to every person who dares imagine a future beyond unjust laws and unfair customs. The edifying universality of those four words—who has not dreamed, and who cannot identify with people whose dreams of a better world are punished with violence?—helps to explain their durability. But those words survive, too, because they comfort folk who would rather entertain the dreams of unfree people than confront their rage and despair。
　　4.试题答案
　　1.(E)    2.(A)    3.(B)   4.(A)  5.(E)   6.(E)    7.(C)    8.(C)  

