MBA申请：顶尖商学院特点与文书题目
　　3.Discuss the most difficult constructive criticism or feedback you have received. How did you address it? What have you learned from it? (at best 500 words)
　　(这个必须是工作环境中的，要强调HARSH。然后你是如何应对和学习的)
　　4.Tuck seeks candidates of various backgrounds who can bring new perspectives to our community. How will your unique personal history, values, and/or life experiences contribute to the culture at Tuck? (at best 500 words)
　　(这个又和DUKE一样，多元化背景。但是，注意写写你的国际经历GLOBAL BUSNINESS MINDSET)
　　5.(Optional) Please provide any additional insight or information that you have not addressed elsewhere that may be helpful in reviewing your application (e.g., unusual choice of uators, weaknesses in academic performance, unexplained job gaps or changes, etc。). Complete this question only if you feel your candidacy is not fully represented by this application. (at best 500 words)
　　(和DUKE的最后一篇一样)
　　NYU STERN
　　这个学校不好进，竞争激烈。关键也是以下三点我认为最为重要：
　　1.告诉学校为什么NYU适合你，而不是哥大和沃顿？这就需要你看看课程设置，感受一下NYU的地理位置和教师队伍中庞大的兼职CEO和CFO。
　　2.NYU貌似培养INVESTMENT和FINANCE的人，但是具体培养的还是职业经理人，所以写得时候，不要忘记管理的学习，也要强调多种方向的学习(你可以选3-4个方向)
　　3.再次强调TEAMWORK，NYU不喜欢太过自我成功的人，所以，强调参与，共事，团结和拼搏，才是文书的重点。
　　1. Think about the decisions you have made in your life. Answer the following (maximum of 750 words，double-spaced, 12-point font)：
　　What choices have you made that led you to your current position?
　　Why pursue an MBA at this point in your life?
　　What is your career goal upon graduation from NYU Stern? What is your long-term career goal?
　　(这个题目也是倒装的。先写职业规划，三五年内你要干什么，然后描述你是如何到得这个认识，是职业发展的必然，还是人生道路的前进，还是个人计划的实施。每一步都是一个决定，就这么串起来，发觉MBA是现实的一个必然选择)
　　2. The NYU Stern community is one of our strongest assets. Please answer the following questions about our community (500 word maximum，double-spaced, 12-point font)：
　　What is your personal experience with the Stern community?
　　What actions have you taken to learn more about us?
　　How would you contribute to our community as a student?
　　How will you benefit personally and professionally from the Stern community?
　　(这个就要做做功课了。一般来说，有两种方法，认识一个MBA校友，访问过学校；另外就是认识一个老师，接触过和被推荐过。引出你对学校课程和优势的认识，才是关键。)
　　3. Please describe yourself to your MBA classmates. You may use almost any method to convey your message (e.g. words, illustrations). Feel free to be creative. (See notes on the content parameters) 500 word maximum，double-spaced, 12-point font)：
　　(以前有同学在这里写诗和用CD,YOUTUBE。但是现在不行。但是文字上还是要写写，强调个人经历的多元背景，家庭，文化和旅行等，都可以。)
　　4.Please provide any additional information that you would like to bring to the attention of the Admissions Committee. This may include current or past gaps in employment, your undergraduate record, plans to retake the GMAT and/or TOEFL, or any other relevant information. If you are unable to submit a recommendation from a current supervisor, you must explain your reason in this essay. If you are applying to a dual degree program, please explain your decision to pursue a dual degree。
　　(这个也是DUKE的最后一个问题)
　　CORNELL
　　康奈尔学校大，但是MBA项目小，注意以下三点：
　　1. 也是培养高级经理人，但是同时第三种人，高级金融和咨询人士也是培养对象，特别是数量分析和衍生品投资方向。
　　2.CORNELL喜欢亲自上阵的人，所以，强调的是你的眼光，分析，和动手能力。结合一个LEADERSHIP例子一讲，效果就很好。动手能力，在动手解决实际问题中学习，是CORNELL MBA申请时最为关键的一环。
　　3.学校很在意它的教授学生比例，这也是我们可以强调的。ACCESSIBILITY意味这LIVING和STUDYING是同步的。
　　1. Required - (400 words) Describe your greatest professional achievement and how you were able to add value to your organization。
　　(注意，是职业成功，成功是一步一步来的，怎么一步一步走出来，挑战要写清楚。不要写单打独斗，要写INSPIRING THE TEAM去共同努力)
　　2. Required - (400 words) What career do you plan to pursue upon completion of an MBA degree and why? How will the Johnson School help you achieve this goal?
　　(这也是一个同样的题目，写写职业计划，然后写自己读MBA是为什，然后写CORNELL是你的如何适合你的)
　　3. Optional Essay - (400 words)  Complete this essay if there is other information you would like to add regarding your candidacy. For instance, if you believe one or more aspects of your application (e.g., undergraduate GPA or test scores) does not accurately reflect your potential for success at the Johnson School。
　　(这个ESSAY的题目和前面一样。)

