大学英语六级考前必背10篇经典范文
　　作者：北京新东方学校 王召飞
　　范文使用说明：
　　Hopefully these essays include the topic in the writing part of the test, but the possibility is slim. Besides, it is almost a mission impossible to recite each of these essays. Therefore, these articles are mainly for the purpose of providing ways of thinking as well as some key words for a certain topics, for instance ,"raise funds" and "gamble" for the topic of "buying lottery tickets" ,and "temper one's will" and "discipline" for the topic of "military training". Your main task is to learn about the structure of the essays and familiarize yourself with those key words in case they might be needed in your own article.
　　1. Directions: In this part, you are to write a composition of no less than 150 words about “College Graduates Work as Village Officials”. You should write according to the outline given below. Please remember to write it clearly on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　Some college graduates choose to work as village officials.
　　1. Do you think it is a good idea?
　　2. What can they offer the countryside?
　　3. What can they gain from their village positions?
　　1. College Graduates Work as Village Officials
　　There is no denying the fact that it is a hotly debated topic today how college graduates should choose their careers. Some time ago, it was reported that some college graduates chose to work as village officials. To this people’s attitudes differ sharply. Some hold the positive view while others are against it. As far as I am concerned, I believe that it is a wise choice.
　　On the one hand, college graduates can contribute a lot to the development of the countryside. First, they can apply their professional knowledge there. Secondly, they can introduce new concepts to the countryside and speed the development of rural culture. As a result, the gap between the city and the countryside can well be bridged.
　　On the other hand, these graduates can benefit a lot from working as village officials. While too many college graduates are fighting for the handful of positions in big cities, these graduates can find themselves a wider stage of development and realize their value.
　　Therefore, college graduates working as village officials is a win-win choice and more graduates should be encouraged to work in the countryside.
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

