08年6月六级完形填空争议题解析(点点版)
　　作者丁晓钟，转载请注明出处
　　体会：完形就是考查从宏观的结构、上下文到微观的词汇的综合实力，方方面面，稍不留心就会阴沟里翻船。
　　信心指数：100%
　　Sevenyears ago, when I was visiting Germany, I met with an official whoexplained to me that the country had a perfect solution to its economicproblems. Watching the U.S. economy soar during the 90's, the Germanshad decided that they, too, needed to go the high-technology 63.But how? In the late '90s, the answer seemed obvious: Indians. Afterall, Indian entrepreneurs accounted for one of every three SiliconValley start-ups. So the German government decided that it would 65 Indians to Germany just as America does: by offering green cards. ……….
　　63. A)circuit B)strategy C)trait D)route
　　点点D 另一版本答案B
　　解析：看到美国经济在九十年代腾飞，德国人也决定他们必须走高科技路线go the high-technology route， adopt可以 strategy 搭配，但go不行。
　　65. A)import B)kidnap C)convey D)lure
　　点点D) 另一版本答案A)
　　解析：但怎么走高科技路线呢？为什么答案明显是印度人呢，因为印度企业家在九十年代占了硅谷新创企业的三分之一。因此德国政府决定象美国政府一样吸引(引诱lure)印度人到德国来，给他们提供绿卡。而不是把印度人进口到德国，商品可以进口，好像没听说人可以进口吧。
　　……TheGerman Green Card was misnamed, I argued, because it never, under anycircumstances, translated into German citizenship. The U.S. green card,by contrast, is an almost 76 pathto becoming American (after five years and a clean record). Theofficial dismissed my objection, saying that there was no way Germanywas going to offer these people citizenship. "We need young techworkers," he said. "That's what this program is all about." So Germanywas asking bright young 79 toleave their country, culture and families; move thousands of milesaway; learn a new language; and work in a strange land -- but withoutany prospect of ever being part of their new home. Germany was sendinga signal, one that was 81 received in India and other countries, and also by Germany's own immigrant community.
　　76. A)aggressive B)automatic C)vulnerable D)voluntary
　　点点B 另一版本答案D
　　解析：作者认为德国绿卡叫错名字了，因为德国绿卡在任何情况下都不会转化为德国公民身份。而美国绿卡，相比之下(by contrast)，却几乎是一条自动的通往成为美国公民的路。voluntary 自愿的,志愿的，放在这里不通。
　　79. A)dwellers B)citizens C)professionals D)amateurs 
　　点点C 另一版本答案B
　　解析：一个德国官员说，我们需要年轻的技术工人。注意tech workers，还有so引导的因果关系。德国需要技术工人，因此德国要求聪明的年轻专业人员(professionals)背井离乡到异乡工作，但是没有任何成为这个新家的一部分的前景。tech workers 和professionals替换，上下文衔接很紧密。如果选citizens，则显得突兀，聪明的年轻公民，什么国家的公民？所指不清。
　　81. A)partially B)clearly C)brightly D)vividly
　　点点B 另一版本答案A 
　　解析：最后作者做了个总结。德国的做法是在发出一个信号，这个信号被印度和其它国家，也被德国自己的移民社区，清楚地接收到。言下之意是印度、其它国家、德国的移民社区都了解了要成为真正的德国人是很难的。partially receive部分接收，这个搭配脱离上下文是可以成立的，但是在这里的语境中就不对了。 
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

