08年6月英语四级听力短对话及点评(昂立版)
　　11. M: Today is a bad day for me; I fell off a step and twisted my ankle.
　　W: Don’t worry, usually ankle injuries heal quickly if you stop regular activity for a while.
　　Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
　　12. W: May I see your ticket please? I think you are sitting in my seat.
　　M: Oh, you are right. My seat is in the balcony. I’m terribly sorry.
　　Q: Where does the conversation most probably take place?
　　13. W: Did you hear Mr. Smith died in his sleep last night?
　　M: Yes, it’s very sad. Please let everybody know that whoever wants to, may attend the funeral.
　　Q: What are the speakers talking about?
　　14. M: Have you taken Professor Young’s exam before? I’m kind of nervous.
　　W: Yes, just concentrate on the important ideas she’s talked about in class and ignore the details.
　　Q: How does the woman suggest the man prepare for Professor Young’s exam?
　　15. W: I’m so sorry sir, and you’ll let me pay to have your jacket cleaned, won’t you?
　　M: That’s all right, it could happen to anyone. And I’m sure that coffee doesn’t leave lasting marks on clothing.
　　Q: What can we infer from the conversation?
　　16. W: Have you seen the movie the departed? The plot was so complicated that I really got lost.
　　M: Yeah, I felt the same, but after I saw it a second time, I could put all the pieces together.
　　Q: How did the two speakers find the movie?
　　17. M: I’m really surprised you got an “A” on the test. You didn’t seem to have done a lot of reading.
　　W: Now you know why I never missed a lecture.
　　Q: What contributes to the woman’s high score?
　　18. W: Have you heard about a new digital television system? It lets people get about 500 channels.
　　M: Yeah, but I doubt they’ll have anything different from what we  watch now.
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　此次短对话部分还是沿袭了近两年的考点，即：考察学生对日常对话的理解，需要考生在短时间内听懂关键信息作出反应，难度与往年相当。具体说来，此次四级考题中的8个短对话有以下特点：
　　1场景分配来说，涉及学校学习话题的只有两个题目，即14、17题；其余六个题目全都是生活场景话题。几乎每个题目都有出现我们昂立曾经课上给大家讲解过的听力场景核心词汇。
　　2 题目类型也都是历年出现过的，例如11、14就是给对方提供建议的题目；16、18题都是先有铺垫后有转折的题目。
　　3 语音面貌基本上没有改变，由于连读、失爆表现较不明显，因此难度不是很大。
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

