《英语周报》六级听力模拟试题一：Section A
　　Part III Listening Comprehension 
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　11. W: I’d like a satin dress for this summer. It’ll make me look more elegant. 
　　M: Forget about it. It’s one of those catwalk illusions and doesn’t generally translate into reality. 
　　Q: What does the man mean? 
　　12. W: What’s all that smoke coming from your window? I was about to call the fire department. 
　　M: You’re just in time to try my moon cakes. I’m afraid I’ve burned these, but the first batch should be all right. 
　　Q: What can we infer from the conversation? 
　　13. M: Thank you so much for applying to become a Resident Assistant and for coming to this interview today. 
　　W: You’re welcome. I’m so happy to have the opportunity to talk with you and to go through the Resident Assistant process. 
　　Q: What are the two speakers doing? 
　　14. M: Hey, Lee. Did you watch the Super Bowl last Sunday? My favorite team the Patriots won the game in the last 9 seconds. 
　　W: I am a big fan of that team too. The winning field goal was so incredible!
　　Q: What are the two speakers talking about? 
　　15. M: Are you sure that you really want to be a policewoman? Aren’t you afraid something could happen to you? 
　　W: Relax. I plan to eventually work in Crime Scene Investigation. I’ll only have to spend one year patrolling on the streets. 
　　Q: What is the man concerned about? 
　　16. M: Linda, do you need any help with your luggage? I don’t have to work tomorrow, and I can drive you there if you need. 
　　W: No, thanks. I’ll just bring one carry-on and my backpack. And you should go to the gym to have a workout. 
　　Q: Where is the woman going tomorrow? 
　　17. W: I have eaten in so many restaurants during the last two weeks. The thought of eating out makes me weak. 
　　M: I feel the same way, but it cannot be helped. There’s no way to get out of this invitation. 
　　Q: What is the speakers’ attitude towards eating out? 
　　18. M: I’m sorry to have kept you waiting so long. I didn’t expect the meeting would last for such a long time. 
　　W: It’s OK, Mr. Green. I brought the data you required and the few reference books which may be helpful for your presentation at the conference. 
　　Q: Why did the woman visit the man? 
　　Now you’ll hear two long conversations.
　　Conversation One
　　M: Good morning, Doctor Richardson. 
　　W: Good morning. Mr…? 
　　M: Taylor. John Taylor. 
　　W: John Taylor! I’m Linda Richardson. We were in the same business management program in 1995 in Chicago. 
　　M: Linda! It’s incredible! You’ve changed a lot. I remember you planned to start your own business in San Francisco. But how did you become a doctor of psychology and work as a personal coach? 
　　W: Well, I had that plan and worked as a manager in a high-tech company for quite a while to get prepared. But one day, I suddenly felt miserable and decided to make a change. 
　　M: Why? In my impression, you were highly motivated in business management. 
　　W: I was. The stock prices were up, sales were strong, and I had been a major contributor to the success of my division. But a few years later, I felt lost. 
　　M: What do you mean by “lost”? 
　　W: I got up early every day, got to my desk by 8 am, and left the office after 7:30 pm. My life seemed like an endless routine. I was tired and lonely. So I was determined to find something I truly loved. And now I have been a personal coach for 6 years. I love it. I help my clients to re-evaluate their lives and rediscover what really matters most to them. 
　　M: Oh, I feel as tired as you did. I need some professional advice, doctor. 
　　W: What’s your situation, John? 
　　M: I have a consulting business. It’s successful. And I’ve made more money this year than the last two years combined. I’ve attained the success that I hoped for, but it doesn’t feel the way I expected it to feel. 
　　W: Look, John. As a personal coach, I believe I can help you to re-evaluate your life and feel happier. 
　　Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　19. Where did the two speakers first meet? 
　　20. What job did the woman take after the business management program? 
　　21. Which of the following is not true about the man? 
　　Conversation Two
　　M: What shall we do? The boy is going to bankrupt us, I’m sure. 
　　W: Why? What’s the matter this time? 
　　M: He had another “little accident” with his car. 
　　W: An accident again? Was he hurt? 
　　M: Don’t worry, he is fine. But the damage came to two hundred and fifty bucks— which of course he doesn’t have. 
　　W: He’s not shaping up to be very responsible with money. Perhaps I should get him to take a look at the book I’m reading. It’s called Rich Dad, Poor Dad. 
　　M: Hmm. Sounds like the second half is about me. Anyway, what good would it do to Byron, assuming you could get him to read anything longer than the liner notes on a CD? 
　　W: It discusses how very wealthy people invest their money. One of its main points is that most people don’t really understand the difference between an asset and a liability. 
　　M: What does he mean? 
　　W: OK. Let me put it this way. How do you view our car and house? Are they assets or liabilities? 
　　M: Assets, of course. We own them. 
　　W: Well, according to the writer, your attitude to cars and houses is mistaken.
　　M: It sounds interesting. What does he say? 
　　W: The writer says owning cars and houses just keeps you trapped in a vicious circle. You have to work to earn money to spend on them. He says people should put their money into things that generate more money. 
　　M: Hmm. Perhaps you’d better pass the book on to me when you’ve finished. I’ll get Byron to read it if I find it useful with his case. 
　　Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　22. What’s the problem with Byron? 
　　23. What does the writer of Rich Dad, Poor Dad say about most people? 
　　24. What’s the effect of owning cars and houses?
　　25. What will happen when the woman finishes reading the book?
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

