08年12月六级听力篇章3原文(昂立版)
　　2008年12月六级听力Passage 3原文
　　In many stressful situations the body’s responses can improve our performance. We become more energetic, more alert, better able to take effective action. But when stress is encountered continually, the body’s reactions are more likely to be harmful than helpful to us. The continual speeding up of bodily reactions and the production of stress-related hormones seem to make people more susceptible to heart disease. And stress reactions can reduce the disease-fighting effectiveness of body’s immune system, thereby increasing susceptibility to illnesses, ranging from colds to cancer. Stress may also contribute to disease in less direct ways by influencing moods and behavior. People, under stress, may become anxious or depressed and as a result may eat too much or too little, have sleep difficulties, or fail to exercise. These behavioral changes may in turn be harmful to their health. In addition, people are more likely to pay attention to certain bodily sensations such as aches and pains when they are under stress and to think they are sick. If the person were not under stress, the same bodily sensations might not be perceived as symptoms and the person might continue to feel well. Some researchers have suggested that assuming the role of a sick person is one way in which certain people try to cope with stress. Instead of dealing with the stressful situation directly, these people fall sick. After all, it is often more acceptable in our society to be sick and to seek medical help than it is to admit that one can not cope with the stresses of life.
　　Questions 32 to 35 are based on the conversations you have just heard.
　　Question 32:What does the speaker say about people who encounter stress once in a while?
　　Question 33:What does speaker say frequent stress reactions may lead to?
　　Question 34:What are people more likely to do when they are under stress?
　　Question 35:What does the passage mainly talk about? 
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

