2008年12月英语六级短对话原文(沪江新东方版)
　　11.
　　M: I am asked to pick up the guest speaker Bob Russell at the airport this afternoon? Do you know what he looks like?
　　W: Well, he is in his 60th. He stands out. He is bald, tall and thin, and he has a beard. 
　　Q: What can we conclude from the woman's remark about Bob Russell. 
　　12.
　　M: I am considering dropping my dancing class. I am not making any progress.
　　W: If I were you, I stick with it. It's definitely worth time and effort.
　　Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
　　13.
　　M: You see, I still have this pain in my back, this medicine the doctor gave me was supposed to make me feel better by now.
　　W: Maybe you should take 3 times a day as you were told.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　14.
　　M: Frankly, when I sat the back of the classroom, I can't see the words on the board clearly.
　　W: Well, you've been wearing those same glasses as long as I've known you. Why not get a new pair? It wouldn't cost you too much.
　　Q: What does the woman imply about the man's glasses?
　　15.
　　M: How come the floor is so wet? I almost slipped. What happened?
　　W: Oh, sorry. The phone rang the moment I got into the shower. Anyway, I'll wipe it right now.
　　Q: Why was the floor wet according to the man?
　　16.
　　M: The instructions on the package said you need to do some assembly yourself. I spent all afternoon trying in vain to put this bookcase together. 
　　W: I know what you mean. Last time I tried to assemble a toy train for my son and I almost gave up.
　　Q: What does the man find difficult?
　　17.
　　M: I am getting worried about Jeanie's school work. All she talks about these days is volleyball games. And all she does is practice training and things like that.
　　W: Her grades on the coming exams will fall for sure. It's high time we talked some sense into her.
　　Q: What are the speaker probably going to do?
　　18.
　　M: Do you understand why the local people are opposed to the new dam up the river?
　　W: They are worried about the potential dangers when the dam should break. The river is very wide above the proposed site.
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

