08年12月英语四级真题听力部分(昂立版)
　　>>>四级听力真题补充部分 四级听力音频
　　四级Passage One
　　20分11秒??23分36秒
　　Members of the city council and distinguished guests, it is my privilege to introduce to you today Mr. Robert Washington, chief of our city’s police force. He will address us on the subject of the Community Policing Program. Most of you know that Mr. Washington has a distinguished record as head of our police force for more than ten years. However, you may not know that he also holds a master’s degree in criminology and studied abroad for a year with the international police force which deals with crimes around the world. Mr. Washington first introduced the Community Policing Program 8 years ago. The idea behind the program is to get the police officers out of their cars and into our neighborhoods where they can talk directly to merchants and residents about the real dynamics of our city. These officers do more than make arrests. They try to find ways to help solve the problems that contribute to crime in the first place. Often that means hooking people up with services offered by other city agencies, such as schools, hospitals, housing, drug treatment centers. And the program seems to be working: crime is down and our citizens report that they feel more secure. Today Mr. Washington is going to tell us more about this program. Now let’s welcome Mr. Robert Washington.
　　26. What is the purpose of the speaker’s remarks?
　　He will address us on the subject of community policing program.
　　27. What does the speaker say about Mr. Robert Washington?
　　Most of you know that Mr. Washington has a distinguished record as head of our police force for more than ten years. However, you may not know that he also holds a master’s degree in criminology and studied abroad for a year with the international police force which deals with crimes around the world. Mr. Washington first introduced the community policing program 8 years ago.
　　28. What is the idea behind the Community Policing Program?
　　The idea behind the program is to get the police officers out of their cars and into our neighborhoods where they can talk directly to merchants and residents about the real dynamics of our city.
　　29. How has the Community Policing Program turned out to be?
　　And the program seems to be working, crime is down and our citizens report that they feel more secure.
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

