09年6月四六级作文话题预测：职业选择
　　作者：石雷鹏 来源：石家庄新东方学校
　　四六级作文预测4：培训学校
　　Direction: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic Private School？You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below in Chinese:
　　1。当前，社会上有很多私立学校和培训学校；
　　2。私立学校的利与弊；
　　3。你的看法。
　　范文：
　　It can be noticed that a large number of private schools or training organizations become a new landscape in education. When you read newspapers, when you watch TV, when you walk on the road, you will inevitably see lots of advertisements about private schools. There are private schools mainly dealing with foreign languages, computers, music and sports。
　　However, is it a good or bad thing to have so many private schools? As a coin has two sides, so are the private schools. On the one hand, private schools can meet the special needs of the society or the particular requirements of people. On the other hand, they often bring people extra burden because of comparison and competition。
　　When asked to decide whether we should have a society without private schools or a society with private schools, I will not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter. Although attending a training course will result in the extra cost or burden, it is of tremendous merits in preparing my work and cultivating my skills。
　　四六级作文预测5：明星代言
　　Direction: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic Celebrities as the products’ spokesmen？You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below in Chinese:
　　1. 明星代言现象很普遍。
　　2. 明星代言广告存在一些问题。
　　3. 我的看法。
　　Celebrities as the products’ spokesmen
　　In the contemporary society, it is very common for celebrities, or the so-called superstars, to be spokesmen or representatives for a wide variety of products. Celebrities’ advertisements can be easily found on the Internet, televisions, newspapers, magazines and even on the walls of some buildings。
　　There are, however, some problems for celebrities and the consumers. To begin with, before representing, a star may know nothing about the product. Thus, consumers may be misled. Even worse, for the sake of money, some stars advertise for items with low quality, even for fake commodities. In the case of Sanlu, the public image of stars involved was spoiled. Last but not least, the high income of advertising does not deserve their labor, which widens the gap between the poor and the rich。
　　From my point of view, it is high time that measures were taken to eliminate the demerits. Firstly, laws should be worked out to regulate celebrities’ advertising. Secondly, stars should be required to tell the truth to the public. Only by doing so can stars be trusted by their fans and can consumers benefit。(183)
　　注：字数稍微有点多了，请大家看着自己酌情删减吧！
　　四六级作文预测6：职业选择
　　Direction: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic Choosing an occupation. You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below in Chinese:
　　1. 职业的选择很重要
　　2. 如何明智的选择自己的职业
　　3. 你的职业选择。
　　Every individual faces the problem of choosing an occupation after graduating from university, which is of great importance in one’s whole life. An appropriate occupation makes a man work with vigor and zest. Besides, it is beneficial for both the individual and the country。
　　To make an advisable choice, a graduate should take into account at least two aspects, namely, individual’ interest and the demand of the society. Only when the two aspects are connected, can a man show his ability and talent to the best advantage. If the two factors conflict, the former, in most cases, should give way to the latter, for it is interests that stimulate one’s vigor and potentials。
　　In regard to my choice in the future, I want to work as an interpreter. I am keen on learning foreign languages, English in particular. Moreover, in the contemporary society, international exchange in economy and culture has been growing significantly. However, competent interpreters are far from enough. So I am determined to be a qualified interpreter。(169)
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

