08年12月英语六级听力题短对话部分(昂立版)
　　2008年12月六级听力短对话原文
　　11.M: I’m asked to pick up the guest speaker Bob Russel at the airport this afternoon, do you know what he looks like?
　　W: Well, he’s in his sixties, he stands out, he’s bald, tall and thin and has a beard.
　　Q: What do we conclude from the woman’s remarks about Bob Russel?
　　12. W: I’m considering dropping my dancing class. I’m not making any progress
　　M: If I were you, I’d stick with it. It's definitely worth time and effort.
　　Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
　　13. W: You see I still have this pain in my back, this medicine the doctor gave me was supposed to make me feel better by now.
　　M: Maybe you should’ve taken it three times a day as you were told.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　14. M: Frankly, when I sat at the back of the classroom, I can’t see the words on the board clearly.
　　W: Well, you’ve been wearing those same glasses as long as I’ve known you. Why not get a new pair, it won’t cost you too much.
　　Q: What does the woman imply about the man’s glasses?
　　15. W: How come the floor is so wet? I almost slipped, what happened?
　　M: Oh, sorry! The phone rang the moment I got into the shower, anyway, I’ll wipe it up right now.
　　Q: Why was the floor wet according to the man?
　　16. M: The instructions on the package say that you need to some assembly yourself. I’ve spent all afternoon trying in vain to put this bookcase together,
　　W: I know what you mean, last time I tried to assemble a toy train for my son and I almost gave up.
　　Q: What does the man find difficult?
　　17. M: I’m getting worried about Jenny’s school work. All she talks about these days is volleyball games and all she does is practice, training and things like that.
　　W: Her grades on the coming exams will fall for sure. It’s high time we talk(ed) some sense to her.
　　Q: What are the speakers probably going to do?
　　18. W: Do you understand why the local people are opposed to the new dam up the river?
　　M: They are worried about the potential danger if the dam should break. The river is very wide above the proposed site.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation? 
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

