名师指导：2009年6月四六级作文预测三篇
　　作者：石雷鹏 来源：石家庄新东方学校
　　“预测”一词，在鄙人看来，颇有赌博之味道！
　　因此，首先提醒各位四六级考试的考生，不可盲目地、甚至孤注一掷地在考前“押宝”！所谓“某高人多次命中考试题目”的说法纯属扯淡，此言多为欺世盗名的鼠辈蛊惑愚昧世人之为。望君勿听之信之徒为人愚而！一言闭之：唯有真知识，实本领才能在考试中立于不败之地！

　　四六级作文预测1：志愿者活动
　　Part I Writing (30 minutes)
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled On Volunteering activities. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
　　1. 越来越多的人从事志愿者工作
　　2. 志愿者工作的社会意义
　　3. 作为大学生，应该怎么做
　　范文：
　　In recent years, the volunteering spirit has spread among the Chinese people, especially among youngsters. According to a survey, in 2008, there were about 1,700,000 volunteers who offered service for Olympic Games. Actually, an increasing number of people become volunteers every year in China。
　　Volunteering actions are of tremendous benefits to both those in need and the society. Olympic Games are a good example. As is known to all, volunteers played an active role in Beijing Olympic Games. Without them, it would be a tough task to hold this un-precedent Olympic Games. Therefore, we can say that it was those volunteers who ensured the success of these games。
　　As modern college students, we should get actively involved in volunteering activities. By participating, we can learn how to work well in a team, how to improve our interpersonal skills and organizational ability. Undoubtedly, all of these are critical for our person growth. So, we should take this chance to learn and to grow. (161words)
　　四六级作文预测2 书信：毕业时就业还是上研究生
　　Part I Writing (30 minutes)
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a letter in reply to a friend’s inquiry about Plan after graduation. You should write at least 120 words according to the outline given below in Chinese:
　　假如你是李明，你的朋友石头来信咨询你的毕业之后的计划，考研还是就业，请根据自己的情况写封回信告知石头你的态度，并说明理由。
　　范文：
　　Dear Shitou,
　　So great to recieve your letter on May 1st, in which you inquired about my plan after graduation. Now, I am writing to illustrate it and my accounts。
　　As is known to all, so many graduates are eager to set feet on their work-life roads. According to a survey by National Department of Education, more than six million college students will leave the so called “Ivory Tower” this year. It is clear that the competition of job-hunting will be extremely furious. On the contrary, it seems advisable for me to further my study and get a master’s degree. What makes me convinced is that a higher degree and better educational background will, undoubtedly, enable me to make full preparation for entering the society. Besides, if possible, I will get involved in social and practical activities in my spare time。
　　Taking all aspects into account, I choose to study as a postgraduate。
　　Many thanks for your concern. Best wishes! (160)
　　四六级作文预测3：大城市就业还是小城镇
　　Direction:
　　For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic Starting Career in a Big City or Small Town？ You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below in Chinese:
　　1. 很多的大学生毕业后留在大城市工作；
　　2. 也有人选择到小城镇开始自己的职业生涯；
　　3. 结合自己的实际情况谈谈自己的想法。
　　范文：
　　Want to be a small fish in a big pond or the other way round? Every graduate faces this question when starting his career. A large number of college graduates prefer to stay in big cities,which mean more experiences, more opportunities to see the big world and more space for career development. At the same time, higher salary is another temptation。
　　But some other graduates intend to start in small towns. Even though there may not be many big companies, they can have a quieter and less competitive life. Another reason is that they can be a big fish in a small pond. They can easily get the management’s attention and may win promotion earlier。
　　As far as I am concerned, I prefer to start in a metropolis like Shanghai. A good begin is half the battle, and in Shanghai I can find a job in a big company where I can meet people from different places and cultures. I will learn from them what I can not get from textbooks. (178)
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

