6月四六级押题作文六篇(点点英语)
　　明星代言问题
　　On the Celebrity Spokesperson
　　Currently, we could hardly live a single day without seeing a celebrity spokesperson promoting a product or a social campaign on TV, net or other media. This is an intensely popular trend that we cannot fail to notice. 
　　There is no doubt that the celebrity spokespeople could boost the sale of a product.  A host of celebrity spokespersons, however, have emerged as the marketing tool of some companies, even companies producing and selling fake and inferior items. This kind of behavior has produced negative impacts on consumers and whole society, which should be severely criticized and penalized.  Of course, as is known to all, everything has both bright and dark sides. Some stars’ endorsement of social activities and public campaigns raises public awareness, giving rise to changes in public behavior. In this case, they serve as positive role models of the general public. To name only one case: Pu CX, a household figure, acting as the celebrity spokesman of the China AIDS Foundation,  contributes greatly to the cause of AIDS prevention and cure in China. 
　　关于选秀节目
　　Over the past couple of years, a variety of talent shows have emerged on TV channels across the nation, from Super Girls to Happy Boys and so forth. This type of entertainment program is intensely popular, especially among young adults and has produced profound impacts on their studies and life。
　　There are a couple of reasons behind the tide.  To start with, young folks need role models to learn from.  So many of them are crazy for contestants participating in these programs.  This gives rise to the increasing emergence of these shows because TV networks naturally need to cater to young audiences.  Plus, thanks to economic and political reforms carried out by the government, this crop of young generation have more freedom and desire to express and showcase themselves.  Therefore, a growing number of young people desire to get involved in these shows。
　　This is a divisive topic. On my personal level, the talent show is a superb means of relaxing and amusing and can hugely relieve our strains. As college students, however, we could not afford to indulge in them and should be aware of the utmost importance of studies。
　　食品安全问题
　　On the Food Security
　　Over the past couple of years, several cases of the food scandal have been disclosed on various media.  The problem of food security has become a hot button across society.  The prevalence of food insecurity has greatly impacted public health, which the government could not afford to ignore, according to the online edition of the People Daily。
　　There are a couple of driving forces, I would argue, behind this undesirable tide. First, in the course of the rapid economic evolution, we ignore moral education, giving rise to the rising rate of the problem. More importantly, the lack of adequate regulation and punishment on those illegal producers enforces the trend。
　　As Confucius instructed, it is better late than never. Prompt and strict measures should be taken to turn back this evil trend. The government should launch a massive moral campaign to educate all citizens and draw up tougher laws to crack down on those irresponsible corporations and prohibit them from entering the food industry again.  I am firmly convinced that through our combined efforts we are bound to enjoy more risk-free foods in the days ahead。
　　社会不文明现象
　　On Uncivilized Behaviors
　　We cannot fail to notice that countless uncivilized behaviors exist in our daily lives, such as spitting, talking loudly, littering, saying nasty words in public places and so forth. All these are bad manners that we should not lose sight of.  As an ancient land enjoying a splendid civilization spanning over 5,000 years, China is witnessing a surge in improper acts that every Chinese citizen should feel ashamed of.  Uncivilized behaviors by a host of Chinese both at home and abroad have seriously affected China’s image, according to an editorial posted on People Daily’s official website。
　　As Chinese, we should not get offended when others point out our weaknesses but should focus more attention on improving ourselves. We should strive to identify the causes of those improper behaviors and find ways to eliminate them. There are a host of causes, I would argue, behind this trend.  To name only one: the lack of moral education. The government should wage a massive moral campaign to fight against this trend and we ourselves should endeavor to behave decently in our daily lives. As college students of the new age, we should take the leading role。
　　感恩
　　On Cultivating the Sense of Gratitude
　　On college campuses across the nation, there is a noticeable phenomenon that we cannot afford to ignore: far too many young college students lack the sense of gratitude, one of the countless traditional virtues of this ancient land with a splendid civilization spanning over 5,000 years. These young adults were not and are not aware of the huge importance of expressing gratitude to those who once helped them, from teachers to parents and so forth。
　　Personally, I deem that the root cause of students without a graceful heart is that they receive an education not valuing the moral sphere. I strongly believe that joint efforts from folks across society are the final remedy for this social headache. As young university students of the new era, we should make our own contributions to this cause. Imagine a world without the sense of gratitude.  This kind of world is doomed to failure. Simply put, we should join our hands to heighten our awareness of fostering a graceful heart.  Only in this way can we build our society into a harmonious one.  My fellow students, I beg you to act from now on。
　　大学生使用信用卡现象
　　On Credit Card
　　At present, a wide vareity of credit cards issued by major banks and shopping malls are thriving in colleges and universities across the nation, with a multitude of college students making up a growing population of card holders. Indeed, one out of five students is estimated to be in possession of at least one credit card, and the figure is expected to be on the steady increse, the latest data published by Yangtze Evening Post suggests。
　　Like anything prior to the emergence of this small piece of plastic, the increasing popularity of credit card on campus has both bright and dark sides. On the one hand, young adults in college, free from the trouble of pocketing a considerable sum of cash, could enjoy the convenience of credit cards and purchase expensive goods by installments. On the other hand, however, the irresponsible and excessive use of the cards by these youngsters, the majority of whom are fresh out of middle school incapable of budgeting their money, can make them heavily in debt which will take them years to pay off。
　　On my personal level, while enjoying a host of conveniences the credit card may bring, we couldn’t afford to ignore a conspicious fact: in most cases, parents are our sole financial sources.Instead of spending without any restrict, we are supposed to put studies on the top of our agenda and move ourselves beyond heavy dependence upon our parents。
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

