《英语周报》英语六级考试全真模拟试题五
　　《英语周报大学综合版》大学英语六级考试全真模拟试题(5)
　　听力部分
　　English Weekly CET-6  Listening Practice Test Ⅴ
　　Part III Listening Comprehension
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A)， B)， C) and D)， and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre。
　　11. M: Finally I got the chance to put on my new suit tonight. I’ve got to leave a good impression with your family。
　　W: Come on, it’s merely a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirt are just fine。
　　Q: What does the woman imply?
　　12. W: If I send this package third class, how long will it take to arrive?
　　M: About two weeks. But many people don’t realize that first class is only a dollar fifty more  and it will get there in just a few days. Now, which would you prefer, third class or first class?
　　Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
　　13. M: Can you believe the way Susan was talking to her roommate? No wonder they don’t get along。
　　W: Well, maybe Susan was just reacting to something that her roommate said. There are two sides to every story you know。
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　14. W: Peter can't help finding fault with everything。
　　M: That's why Ruth became so angry at him and decided to break up their engagement。
　　Q: What can we learn from the conversation?
　　15. M: How did you get the theater tickets?
　　W: One of the director's friends gave them to me, but they weren't free, I paid for them。
　　Q: How did the woman get the tickets?
　　16. W: So how are you getting along with Debbie’s cat?
　　M: Well, she never comes when I call her, she spills her food, and she sheds all over the place. I can’t wait till Debbie gets back。
　　Q: What does the man imply?
　　17. M: Do you have hot water in your dorm? Because we haven’t had any for three days and I hate cold showers。
　　W: Oh, sounds miserable. Since the gym’s usually open, why don’t you just go over there to fix the problem。
　　Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
　　18. W: I’m really having a hard time finishing the project Prof. Smith asked us to do. Do you think he will give us more time to do it?
　　M: Not in a million years. You know how sticky he is about changing project due dates。
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　Now you’ll hear two long conversations。
　　Conversation One
　　M: China has held many cultural exchange activities in Europe and many other parts of the world。
　　The coming China Culture Week is the largest cultural exhibition of its kind. May I know the purpose of staging such an exhibition?
　　W: We have entered the new millennium. We hope that the exhibition will help the British people and people from other parts of the world learn about the past and the present of China。
　　Meanwhile, the Culture Week is expected to promote the exchanges between China and the UK and the understanding of the two cultures, and narrow the distance between the East and the West。
　　M: What will be displayed within the seven days?
　　W: We have selected some subjects that represent the essence of Chinese culture, both ancient and modern. The activities are of two major types: exhibitions and performances。
　　M: Could you tell me more about the exhibition?
　　W: Well, it includes the achievements of China's education, culture, architecture, science and technology. We'll show you the new outlook of Beijing and Shanghai as well as the best works of Chinese pottery, costumes of Beijing Opera and cultural relics unearthed in China。
　　M: What about the Beijing Opera costumes to be displayed?
　　W: Beijing Opera originated from Beijing some 200 years ago during the Qing Dynasty. It's a performing art that embraces opera performance, singing, music, dancing and martial arts. The costume exposition will present 200 years of development of the "Oriental Opera" and the performing costume dating back to the late Qing Dynasty. The costume design adopted exaggeration and symbolic means and bright colors. The materials are unique, so are the ailoring skills. Another exhibition will display a total of 600 sets of clothes, including the ancient clothes of different dynasties from Qin to Han, the costumes of China's ethnic groups,and modern garments and accessories. Famous models from the mainland will participate to present the achievements of the Chinese garment industry and Chinese designers。
　　M: Thank you very much for the introduction. I wish the coming China Culture Week a complete success。
　　W: Thanks, and expect to see you again at the exhibition。
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard。
　　19. Which of the following is not true about the coming China Culture Week?
　　20. What's the main purpose of the China Culture Week?
　　21. Which of the following will NOT be included in the exhibition?
　　22. What do you know about Beijing Opera from the talk?
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

