08年12月六级听力长对话2原文(昂立版)
　　2008年12月六级听力长对话2原文
　　W: Right, well, in the studio this morning, for our interview spot is Peter Wilson. Peter works for Green Peace. So, Peter, welcome.
　　M: Thanks a lot. It’s good to be here.
　　W: Great! Now, Peter, perhaps you can tell us something about Green Peace and your job there.
　　M: Sure. Well, I’ll start by telling you roughly what Green Peace is all about. I actually work in London for the Green Peace organization. We’ve been going for a few decades and we’re a non-violent, non-political organization. We’re involved in anti-nuclear activity, conservation and protection of animals and protection and support of our eco-system. I’m the action organizer and arrange any protests.
　　W: Great! A pretty important role, Peter. What sort of protest would you organize?
　　M: Well, recently we’ve been involved in anti-nuclear campaigns. I, personally arranged for the demonstration against radioactive waste dumping in the Atlantic Ocean. We’ve got a few small Green Peace boats that we harass the dumping ship with. 
　　W: Hey? Hold on, Peter. I thought you said your organization was non-violent. What do you mean by “harass”?
　　M: Well, we circle round and round the ships and get in the way when they try to dump the drums of nuclear waste in the sea. We talk to the men and try to change, you know, yell at them to stop. We generally make ourselves as much of a nuisance possible.
　　M: Well, people may think differently of your methods but there’s no doubt you’re doing a great job. Keep it up and good luck. And thanks for talking with us.
　　W: Thanks for having me.
　　Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversations you have just heard.
　　Q 22What is the man’s chief responsibility in the Green Peace organization?
　　Q 23What has Green Peace been involved in recently?
　　Q 24How does Green Peace try to stop people from dumping nuclear waste?
　　Q 25What is the woman’s attitude towards the Green Peace’s campaigns? 
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

