《英语周报》英语四级考试模拟试题二十
　　《英语周报大学综合版》大学英语四级考试模拟试题(20)
　　听力部分
　　English Weekly CET-4  Listening Practice Test 20
　　Part III Listening Comprehension
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A)， B)， C) and D)， and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre。
　　11. W: Boy, I’m nervous. This term paper is due in two days. All the books I need are checked out!
　　M: I know what you mean. There are a million of books in this place and I can never find what I need。
　　Q: Where are the speakers?
　　12. W: Can I see you sometime this week? I missed part of your explanation on this week’s chemistry experiment。
　　M: Ok, come to my office tomorrow around one o’clock。
　　Q: Who is the woman probably talking to?
　　13. W: What are the requirements for the course?
　　M: There will be weekly quizzes and a final exam. You will have to go to the language lab at least two hours a week。
　　Q: What kind of course is this?
　　14. W: I’m sorry. We are just not happy with these plans for the living room。
　　M: Would you like me to draw up another set of blueprints?
　　Q: What is the man’s job?
　　15. M: Julie, have you heard the one about the two bears having a drink at a bar?
　　W: Oh, no, Norman. Not another ridiculous joke。
　　Q: Why is the woman refusing to listen to the man?
　　16. M: I’m not sure whether I should tell that story about Mr. Leeds at the Awards Dinner. What do you think?
　　W: Well, you are a good storyteller, but I’m not sure people would find it all that interesting. When in doubt, leave it out。
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　17. M: Since you won’t be joining the Antarctica expedition this year, would you reconsider our offer to join the staff here?
　　W: Thank you again for the offer, but I still don’t think I’m cut out for teaching。
　　Q: What is the woman refusing?
　　18. M; In view of the fact that people are ignoring the importance of the ecology of the polar regions, I think we are headed for catastrophe。
　　W: You mean like a worldwide drought caused by global warming or severe flooding in coastal cities?
　　Q: What is the man implying?
　　Now you’ll hear two long conversations。
　　Conversation One
　　W: Why is it that some children perform better than others at school?
　　M: Obviously, certain children are brighter than others. But it is not that simple. A lot of emphasis is placed on intelligence measured by tests。
　　W: The so-called IQ tests?
　　M: Yes. Basically they are intended to test language and numerical ability, so some children are bound to suffer. This is very unfortunate. A child with an average IQ may turn out to be successful when he grows up。
　　W: What you are saying is that some children have abilities that are not easy to measure。
　　M: Exactly. If these abilities are not discovered early, they cannot be developed. That’s why there are so many unhappy parents in the world. They are not doing the things they are best at。
　　W: I see。
　　M: But at school, only those who are good with words and numbers will probably do well in exams。
　　W: Right. Is there anything a parent can do to help in this case?
　　M: Yes. In my opinion, a child should be judged on his individual talents. After all, being happy in life is putting your skills to good use, no matter what they are. 
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard。
　　19. What is the basic purpose of IQ tests?
　　20. According to the conversation, why are there so many unhappy parents in the world?
　　21.According to the conversation, why can’t some children do well in school examinations?
　　22. Which of the following statements is true according to the conversation? 
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

