09年6月四级必看押题20篇作文及范文
　　预测作文1
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Online Games. You should write at least 120 words, and base your composition on the outline (given in Chinese) below:
　　1)现在有一些大学生沉迷于网络游戏，家长和学校对此忧心忡忡
　　2)但有人认为网络游戏并不是一无是处
　　3)你对此的看法是……
　　【思路点拨】
　　本题属于提纲式文字命题。提纲第1点指出对于某问题的一种反面看法，提纲第2点指出对于该问题的正面看法，提纲第3点要求谈谈“我”对该问题的看法，由此可判断本文应为对比选择型作文。
　　根据所给提纲，本文应包含如下内容：指出大学生沉迷于网络游戏的问题，阐述家长和老师对该问题的否定态度和他们的担忧；指出一些人对待网络游戏的肯定态度，并阐述网络游戏的好处；表明“我”对网络游戏的看法。
　　【参考范文】
　　Online Games
　　As a product of modern computer and the Internet, online games have become very popular among college students. Many students have enjoyed great pleasure and satisfaction from these games. But as we see, some students lacking self-discipline are too much indulged in these games so that their health and academic performances are affected. This phenomenon has caused much worry from the teachers and parents。
　　However, some others argue that online games are not always harmful. They can train the ability of youngsters to respond to things quickly. Moreover, they can stimulate their imagination and their interest in computer science. More importantly, it does bring college students much pleasure and release their pressure greatly。
　　From my point of view, online games are a wonderful entertainment if you play them in a clever way. When they interfere too much with your study, it is better for you to give them up at once. But if you have enough self-control over them, you can certainly obtain real pleasure and benefit a lot from them。
　　预测作文2
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Machine Translation and Human Translation. You should write at least 120 words, and base your composition on the outline (given in Chinese) below:
　　1)现在诸多的电子辞典及相关翻译软件被开发出来，人们不再需要翻阅厚重的字典
　　2)有人认为以后机器翻译会完全取代人工翻译
　　3)你是否同意这种观点，为什么？
　　【思路点拨】
　　本题属于提纲式文字命题。提纲第1点指出一种新兴事物，提纲第2点针对该事物提出一种有争议的观点，提纲第3点要求表明“我”是否同意这种观点，由此可判断本文应为对比选择型作文。
　　根据所给提纲，本文应包含如下内容：描述电子辞典和翻译软件的使用现状，引出机器翻译会代替人工翻译的观点；表明“我”对这一观点的态度并说明理由；总结“我”的观点，提出建议。
　　【参考范文】
　　Machine Translation and Human Translation
　　In recent years, all kinds of electronic dictionaries and translation software have been developed. With the development of technology, these electronic dictionaries and software can help us translate not only words and phrases but even sentences and paragraphs. So some people come to the conclusion that machine translation will replace traditional human translation. However, I couldn’t agree with this argument。
　　Admittedly, translation machines and software bring much convenience for our study and our work. With them, we needn’t bother to leaf through the heavy dictionaries. However, machine translation has its disadvantages. First, generally speaking, translation software only can give direct translation, which is sometimes not in accordance with the original articles in logic and meaning. Second, some people depend on electronic dictionaries and software too much, which is unfavorable to their improvement in language ability。
　　Considering the above-mentioned, I think that machine translation cannot replace human translation, but it is a good complementary to human translation. Therefore, we should combine machine translation with human translation efficiently。
　　预测作文3
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Certificate Craze on Campus. You should write at least 120 words, and base your composition on the outline (given in Chinese) below:
　　1)近几年大学校园内出现“考证热”
　　2)产生这一现象的原因
　　3)你的看法
　　【思路点拨】
　　本题属于提纲式文字命题。提纲第1点指出一种现象，提纲第2点要求分析产生这种现象的原因，提纲第3点要求谈谈“我”对该现象的看法，由此可判断本文应为现象解释型作文。
　　根据所给提纲，本文应包含如下内容：描述近几年大学校园内的“考证热”；分析越来越多的大学生热衷考取各种证书的主要原因；阐述“我”对大学生“考证热”的看法。
　　【参考范文】
　　Certificate Craze on Campus
　　In recent years, to get a certificate has become a new craze among college students. Just randomly ask a student on campus what he or she is busy doing, quite possibly, you may get the answer that he or she is preparing for a certificate of some kind. Why does this craze appear?
　　There are mainly two reasons behind this phenomenon. First, it is the employment pressure that forces college students to get more certificates. With the admission expansion of colleges, a lot more graduates have to face the fierce competition in the job market. How can one make himself more competitive? More certificates at hand, maybe. Second, diploma and certificates are still important standards by which many employers measure a person’s ability. In order to increase the qualifications for a job, the students compel themselves to run from one exam to another。
　　From my point of view, we should be more rational when it comes to certificates, since certificates do not necessarily prove one’s ability. Being crazy in getting certificates blindly is nothing but wasting time. To conclude, we should focus on improving our ability but not getting a certificate of no practical value。
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

