09年12月CET-4真题参考答案A卷(北京新东方)
　　范文
　　In recent years, extravagance and waste have become increasingly serious in some of the university campus. We can see that papers, bottles and cans are thrown away after use; food is wasted just because of its poor taste; clothes are discarded simply owing to their old fashion. As a consequence, people in mounting numbers put great emphasis on creating a green campus。
　　There are at least two criteria to distinguish what is green campus. On the one hand, natural resources must be conserved and made full use of, for example, we, as college students, should take the wise use of papers and second-hand textbooks into account. On the other hand, education to build up thrift habits must be promoted by relevant departments and professionals at various levels。
　　Accordingly, it is necessary for us to take effective steps. For one thing, university authorities should respond with the demand for more rigid conservation of our natural resources, such as water, electricity, and so on. For another, we should enhance the awareness of college students that creating a green campus is of utmost significance to both our society and ourselves。
　　快速阅读
　　1.B revising their financial aid polices
　　2.D It cut its merit-based aid to help the needy students
　　3.C attract good students
　　4. D it’s not right to give aid to those who can afford the tuition
　　5. B fierce competition among institutions
　　6. B They regard it as a necessary evil
　　7. C Many students from middle-income families have come to rely on it
　　8.  qualified
　　9. recognizes
　　10. excellence
　　听力小对话答案
　　11.A, get some small change
　　12.B, buying a gift for a child
　　13.A, taking photographs
　　14.B, he can provide little used information
　　15.D, he knows his own imitations
　　16.C, her gym exercise has yielded good results。
　　17.D, The professor’s suggestion is constructive
　　18.A，Indifferent。
　　19.C ，he has to work during the day
　　20.B，learn data processing
　　21.C, every Monday, lasting for 12 weeks
　　22.A, what to bring for registration。
　　23.D. A financial trader
　　24.B, He considers cooking creative
　　25. D, It can be a good thing
　　短文听力
　　26. C Live is not possible in outer space。
　　27. C It has a large ocean under its surface。
　　28. A LIght is not an essential miles long
　　29.B What Dr.Meyer's instructions exacty were。
　　30.D She asks them to repeat what they are supposed to do。
　　31.A it lacks the stability of the printed word。
　　32.C Challenging work
　　33.A Many tedious jobs continue to be done manually。
　　34.D Give them responsibilities as part of team。
　　35.B They concern a small number of the people only。
　　听力复合式听写答案
　　In the humanities, authors write to inform you in many ways. These methods can be (36) classified into three types of informational writing:factual, descriptive, and process. Factual writing provides (37) background information on an author, composer or artist or on a type of music, literature, or art. Examples of factual writing include notes in the book jacket or (38) album cover and longer pieces, such as an article describing a style of music which you might read ina music (39 )appreciation course. This kind of writing provides a (40) context for your study of humanities. As its name(41) implies, descriptive writing simply describes or provides an (42) image of,  a piece of music, art or literature. For example, descriptive writing might list the colors an artist used in a painting or the (43)instruments a composer included in the musical composition. So as to make pictures of sounds in the readers’ mind by calling up the specific details of the work.. (44) Descriptive writing in the humanities. particularly in literature is often mixed with critical writing .Process writing explains a series of actions that bring about a result. (45).It tells the reader how to do something, for example, explaining the technique used to shoot a film. This kind of writing is often found in art, where understanding how an artist created a certain effect is important. (46)Authors may actually use more than one type of technique in the given piece of informational writing。
　　选词填空
　　47-51.
　　K recruited
　　J recording
　　L total
　　C aspects
　　B analyzed
　　52-56.
　　H quality
　　N unsure
　　G established
　　A already
　　E contributing
　　仔细阅读
　　passage one
　　57. A She serves as a role model for African-American women.
　　58. B They are of an inferior social group
　　59. D What Michelle should do as wife and mother in the White House
　　60. C However hard she tries, she can’t expect to please everybody
　　61. A Help change the prevailing view about black women
　　passage two
　　62. A Institution worldwide are hiring administrators from the U.S。
　　63. B Their ability to raise funds
　　64. D Most of their revenues come from the government
　　65. A she was known to be good at raising money
　　66. C They will view a lot of things from a new perspective
　　完型填空
　　67.B focuses
　　68.D adequate
　　69.A currently
　　70.C challenges
　　71.B retirement
　　72.A over
　　73.B learning
　　74.D on
　　75.C needs
　　76.D portion
　　77.A when
　　78.C homes
　　79.B ever
　　80.A for example
　　81.C adjust
　　82.D to
　　83.B unpredictably
　　84.C available
　　85.A sense
　　86.D roles
　　翻译
　　87. You would not have failed if___(按照我的指令去做)
　　You had followed my orders。
　　88. Despite the hardship he encountered, Mark never ___(放弃对知识的追求)
　　abandoned the pursuit of knowledge。
　　89. Scientists agree that it will be a long time before____(我们找到治愈癌症的方法)
　　We find the cure for cancer。
　　90. Production has to be increased considerably to ___ . (与消费者不断增长的需求保持同步)
　　Keep up with the constantly growing needs of consumers。
　　91. The more exercise you take, ____ 。(你越不大可能感冒)
　　The less likely you are to catch a cold。

