09年12月英语六级听力真题文本(passage2)
　　Passage 2   
　　One of the biggest challenges facing employers and educators today is the rapid advance of globalization. The market place is no longer national or regional, but extends to all corners of the world. And this requires a global-ready workforce. Universities have a large part to play in preparing students for the 21st century labor market by promoting international educational experiences. The most obvious way universities can help develop a global workforce is by encouraging students to study abroad as part of their course. Students who have experienced another culture firsthand are more likely to be global-ready when they graduate. Global workforce development doesn’t always have to involve travel abroad, however. If students learn another language and study other cultures, they will be more global-ready when they graduate. It is important to point out that students also need to have a deep understanding of their own culture before they can begin to observe, analyze and evaluate other cultures. In multi-cultural societies, people can study each other’s cultures to develop intercultural competencies, such as critical and reflective thinking and intellectual flexibility. This can be done both through the curriculum and through activities on campus outside of the classroom, such as art exhibitions and lectures from international experts. Many universities are already embracing this challenge and providing opportunities for students to become global citizens. Students themselves, however, may not realize that when they graduate, they will be competing in a global labor market. And universities need to raise awareness of these issues amongst undergraduates。
　　Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you just heard:
　　30. What is one of the biggest challenges facing employers and educators today?
　　31. What should students do first before they can really understand other cultures?
　　32. What should college students realize according to the speaker?

