09年6月四级考试作文题目及范文(昂立版)
　　Free admission to museums
　　越来越多的博物馆免费开放的目的是什么？
　　也会带来一些问题
　　你的看法
　　Nowadays, an increasing number of museums are open to the public with free admission. The reason for it lies in the fact that the government has been attaching great importance to provide more opportunities for citizens to explore and get access to the knowledge world。
　　However, the opener attitude of museums may also bring some problems as well. For one thing, with more visitors, there is possibility that displays of the museums can get damaged more easily. For another, it becomes a huge economic burden for museums to run as usual without any profits from the visitors。
　　As far as I am concerned, I am absolutely in favor of this practice. First and foremost, not worrying about the admission fees, ordinary people are allowed to enter the museums to enjoy the displays freely. Moreover, kids and teenagers can learn about knowledge in various domains in a more vivid and interactive way in the museums out of the classroom。
　　范文2 Free admission to museum
　　With the development of modern civilization, an increasing number of museums are open to the public for free. According to a national survey, over half of the museums in China have carried out this free-admission policy or are going to do so。
　　What is the aim of such policy? The goal is crystal clear. For one thing, more citizens can have access to museums and appreciate the history and culture. In addition, poor people have the opportunities to receive such free education and the whole quality of Chinese people can thus be improved. For another, free museum tours help cities draw more visitors from the world and also publicize the city image nicely。
　　However, everything can be divided into two. The negative aspects are also apparent. One of the important disadvantages is that some people may litter and spit in the museum and their bad behaviors affect the environment and museum management Through the above analysis, I believe that the favorable sides far outweigh its negative effects. I hope all the people can share the same national treasure in more free museums。
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

