名师点评09年6月六级听力短对话真题(昂立)
　　11. W: I forgot to tell you that Fred called last night to borrow your sleeping bag。
　　M: Oh, I saw him at the gym this morning, but he didn’t say anything. So he must have asked somebody else。
　　Q: What does the man imply?
　　12. W: These summer days are getting to be more than I can take. It was even too hot to go to the pool yesterday。
　　M: Hang in there. According to the weather report we should have some relief by the end of the week。
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　13. W: Well, tonight we have Professor Brown in our studio to talk about the famous oil painting of Queen Victoria. Good evening, professor。
　　M: Good evening, madam, my pleasure to be here tonight。
　　Q: What is the woman doing?
　　14. M: The plants next to the window always look brown. You wouldn’t know by looking at them that I water them every week。
　　W: Maybe they don’t like direct sunlight. I had the same problem with some of my plants. And a little shade helps them immensely。
　　Q: What does the woman imply?
　　15. M: I’m really exhausted, Mary. But I don’t want to miss the Hollywood movie that comes on at 11。
　　W: If I were you, I’d skip it. We both have to get up early tomorrow. And anyway I’ve heard it’s not as exciting as advertised。
　　Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
　　16. M: Those modern sculptures over there are really weird. Don’t you think so?
　　W：Well, I couldn’t stand them either at first. But now I’ve come to like modern art, particularly those sculptures carved by Italian artists。
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　17. M: I’m really glad our club decided to raise money for the children’s hospital. And most of the people we phoned seemed happy to contribute。
　　W: Yeah! I agree. Now that we’ve gone through all the numbers on our list, I guess we can call it a day。
　　Q: What do we learn about the speakers?
　　18. M: Have you heard of Professor Smith? I’m thinking of taking an advanced engineering course with him. What do you think?
　　W: Yeah! You really should. He’s published dozens of books so far, once been recommended as a textbook for postgraduates。
　　Q: What does the woman imply?
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

