6月英语六级A卷答案完整版(沪江新东方)
　　快速阅读：
　　B A D A B C D
　　Unsafe situations
　　Their anxietyand control
　　Movements
　　Section A 短对话
　　11. D) Fred may have borrowed a sleeping bag from someone else。
　　12. B) It will cool down over the weekend。
　　13. C) Hosting a TV program。
　　14. D) The plants should be put in a shady spot。
　　15. C) Go to bed early。
　　16. B) She has learned to appreciate modern sculptures。
　　17. A)They seem satisfied with what they have done
　　18. A)The man shouldn't hesitate to take the course
　　长对话
　　19. B Domestic issues of general social concern。
　　20. D Based on public expectations and editor's judgement。
　　21. B Practical experience。
　　22. A There average life span was less than 50 years。
　　23. C Learn to use new technology。
　　24. D when all people become wealthier。
　　25. C Control the environment。
　　Section B 短文理解
　　26. B To alert teenagers to the dangers of reckless driving。
　　27. A Road accidents。
　　28. C It has accomplished its objective。
　　29. B Customers may be misled by the smells。
　　30. C Supportive
　　31. A The flower scent stimulated people's desire to buy。
　　32 C a passenger train collided with a goods train
　　33 D the cause of the tragic accident remains unknown
　　34 A there was a bomb scare
　　35D drive with special care
　　Section C 复合式听写
　　36. tongue
　　37. official
　　38. administration
　　39. commerce
　　40. spread
　　41. disadvantageed
　　42. competence
　　43. investigate
　　44. You also examine the immense variability of English and come to underst and how it's used as a symbol of individual identity and social connection。
　　45. Why do some non-native speakers of English claim that it's a difficult language to learn while infants born into English speaking communities acquire their language before they learn to use forks and knives?
　　46. You are encouraged to develop your own individual responses to various practical and theoretical issues
　　阅读填空：
　　TVand fashion magazines
　　Developing eating disorders
　　Impossibly proportioned
　　3 years
　　Make money
　　仔细阅读：
　　52 B) efforts have been made to protect turtles from dying out。
　　53 D) The turtle's population has decreased in spite of human protection
　　54 B) Unregulated commercial fishing
　　55 A) It threatens the sandy beaches on which they lay eggs。
　　56 C) call for effective measures to ensure sea turtle's survival。
　　57 C) College education is rewarding in spite of the starting costs。
　　58 D) The gap between the earnings of college and high-school graduates narrowed
　　59 A)save more on tuition。
　　60 D)consider college education a consumer product
　　61 B)A satisfying experience with their budgets
　　完形填空：
　　62 C massive
　　63 B endeavors
　　64 D bound
　　65 A facilitated
　　66 C exclusive
　　67 B connects
　　68 C individuals
　　69 A and
　　70 C origins
　　71 B stood for
　　72 A exchange
　　73 D whose
　　74 C attracted
　　75 B which
　　76 A joined
　　77 D then
　　78 D As
　　79 C messages
　　80 B civilian
　　81 A into
　　翻译：
　　82. him out of buying a car
　　83. Keeping a sense of humor helps
　　84. he had no choice but to confess his criminal behavior
　　85. there must be someone who is speaking ill of them
　　86. it hard to resist the temptation of ice cream
　　写作范文：
　　According to the Bible, it is the almighty God who gave names to everything he created: "he named the light ‘Day' and the darkness ‘Night'". In fact, a name is a word or phrase that man uses to denote and identify a specific person, place or thing. There is no inexorable correlation between the sign and "the signified". For this reason, some claim that names are not so vital as they are supposed to be. However, I am fully convinced that they are of great importance。
　　Take the name of a person as an example. It is known to all that a person's name is divided into two parts: given name and surname. The given name is the name our parents assign us. We ourselves might change it later in our life. Usually, when a name is given, it contains a lot of information. Say, "li" in the name of some Chinese females shows that we wish them to "beautiful" while "wei" in the names of some males reveals that we expect them to be "great" in their future life。
　　As to the surname or family name, it is even more important, so important that some people may sacrifice their life for it. Originally, man had no such a name. But ever since a certain name was given, each member of the family carries it wherever he goes. Rather than merely a sign, it is the root from which we can trace back to our ancestor, the tie that helps bind us to other members of the same clan, the dignity most people hope to live for。
　　Apart from the name of a person, that of a place or thing is also significant in that it embodies history and culture. All in all, though names are assigned artificially, man is not free when giving names. But God is。
    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

