2010年6月英语四级听力短对话及解析(昂立)
　　以下是2010年6月19日四级答案听力短对话 “原文”：
　　Short conversations
　　11. W: Just imagine we have to finish reading 300 pages before Monday, how can the professor expect us to do it in such a short time?
　　M: Yeah, but what troubles me is that I can’t find the book in the library or in the university bookstore。
　　Q: what does the man mean?
　　12. M: Do you think I could borrow your car to go grocery shopping? The supermarkets outside the city are so much cheaper. I’d also be happy to pick up anything you need。
　　W: Wow, I don’t like to let anyone else to drive my car. Tell you what, why don’t we go together?
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　13. M: Forgive the mess in here. We had a party last night. There were a lot of people and they all brought food
　　W: Yeah, I can tell. Well, I guess it’s pretty obvious what you’ll be doing most of today。
　　Q: What does the woman think the man will do？
　　14. W: What time would suit you for the first round talks with John Smith?
　　M: Well, you know my schedule. Other than this Friday, one day is as good as the next。
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　15. W: I was so angry yesterday. My biology teacher did not even let me explain why I missed the field trip. He just wouldn’t let me pass。
　　M: That doesn’t seem fair. I’d feel that way too if I were you。
　　Q: What does the man imply?
　　16. M: I really can’t stand the way David controls the conversation all the time. If he’s going to be at your Christmas party, I just won’t come。
　　W: I’m sorry you feel that way. But my mother insists that he come。
　　Q: What does the woman imply?
　　17. W: You’re taking a course with Professor Johnson. What’s your impression so far?
　　M: Well, many students can hardly stay awake in his class without first drinking a cup of coffee。
　　Q: What does the man imply?
　　18. W: Have you ever put a computer together before?
　　M: No, never. But I think if we follow these instructions exactly, we won’t have much trouble。
　　Q: What are the speakers going to do?
　　听力短对话解析
　　今年的四级短对话整体难度与往年持平，只要听到了听力核心词汇和关键语法句型就能选出答案。
　　首先，在8道短对话中有六道都涉及了“推测内涵类”，这与之前预测的必考题型是相吻合的。其次，11、16和18题都运用了“but后面有考题”的听力技巧，不管之前听到的内容是什么，只要有“but”出现就有正确答案的诞生。再次，关于关键语法点虚拟的考查。短对话的15题句型“if I were you”是非常典型的虚拟句型，指的是“如果我是你，我会……”答案就在“会”的后面；16题考查了insist这个单词，后面加从句的话是虚拟语气，是should+动词原形，其中should可以省略。
　　要想把听力短对话做得“快和准”，熟练掌握场景词是非常重要的。比如11题的professor, library, bookstore，15题的biology, pass，17题的course, students，完全可以确定是校园场景；12题的grocery, supermarket, pick up都是购物场景词，特别是grocery，学生应该非常熟悉。还有13题的mess，14题的schedule，全部是课上反复强调的核心词汇，只要学生在考试之前一再复习，做听力的时候就会觉得得心应手。
　　这次的短对话中有两道可能学生在理解时候会有些阻碍，分别是13和14。13题的内容是，男的说“请原谅我们在这里造成的混乱，昨天晚上我们有一个大聚会，每个人都带来了吃的东西。”女的回答“从现在的状况可以推断昨晚的情景。我觉得你今天该做什么已经非常明确了。”从女人的话当中可以推断她希望男的今天可以把混乱的场面整理一下，也就是说他接下来该打扫卫生了。14题的内容是，女的说“你什么时候方便和约翰史密斯先生进行第一轮会谈？”男的回答“你是知道我的时间安排的，除了这个周一，其它都可以”，要听懂这个对话就要理解“other than和as good as the next day”，other than是“除了”的意思，as good as the next day的意思是“任何一天都行”，所以要提醒考生的是在复习的时候要牢记一些固定搭配，以备考试的不时之需。
　　来源：昂立 宋倩倩

