2010年大学英语四级预测试题
　　2010年大学英语四级预测试题(一)
　　Directions: For this part you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic City Problems. You should write no less than 120 words and base your composition on the outline below:                        
　　1.为孩子聘请家教目前非常普遍
　　2.家教的利与弊
　　3.我的看法
　　Private Tutoring
　　A recent investigation shows that about 80 percent of pupils have private tutors. Such a popular practice indicates that people are attaching greater importance to education. Many parents, for various reasons，missed the chance of obtaining a good education. When their children meet with difficulties in study, they are helpless. Private tutoring is the only solution. As private tutoring is usually one-to-one, the teacher knows the strong points as we11 as the weak points of the pupil, clearly。
　　However, private tutoring has its own disadvantages; for one thing, it takes up so much of the pupils’ time that they can hardly find enough time for rest and entertainment, which are essential for their physical and mental health. For another, some teachers, busy “shuttling” from one family to another, tend to neglect their regular teaching duties. What’s more, some teachers are eager to help pupils do well in the test, offering the so-ca11ed tips for test－taking rather than help them acquire what is more meaningful。
　　Generally speaking, its disadvantages outweigh its advantages. Greater emphasis should be laid on classroom teaching and practice, on the improvement of teaching quality and on the tapping of the pupils’ potentials. Only in this way can we generation be healthily brought up。
　　2010年大学英语四级预测试题(二)
　　1. 目前环保还存在着许多问题。
　　2. 为了保护环境，各国政府做了大量的工作。
　　3. 我的看法。
　　There are still many problems of environmental protection in recent years. One of the most serious problems is the serious pollution of air, water and soil. The polluted air does great harm to people’s health. The polluted water causes diseases and death. What is more, vegetation had been greatly reduced with the rapid growth of modern cities。
　　To protect the environment, governments of many countries have done a lot. Legislative steps have been introduced to control air pollution, to protect the forest and sea resources and to stop any environmental pollution. Therefore, governments are playing the most important role in the environmental protection today。
　　In my opinion, to protect environment, the government must take even more concrete measures. First, it should let people fully realize the importance of environmental protection through education. Second, much more efforts should be made to put the population planning policy into practice, because more people means more people means more pollution. Finally, those who destroy the environment intentionally should be severely punished. We should let them know that destroying environment means destroying mankind themselves。
　　(来源：文都教育 赵文通)

