2010年6月英语四级听力长对话解析(昂立)
　　以下是2010年6月19日四级答案听力 “长对话原文”：
　　长对话原文第一篇：
　　W: What sort of hours do you work,Steve?
　　M: Oh, I have towork very long hours, about 11 hours a day。
　　W: What time do you start?
　　M: I work 9 to 3. Then I start again at5:30 and work until 11. Six days a week. So I have to work very unsocial hours。
　　W: And do you have to work at theweekend?
　　M: Oh, yes, that’s our busiest time. Iget Wednesdays off。
　　W: What are the things you have to do,and the things you don’t have to do?
　　M: Eh, I don’t have to do the washing-up,so that’s good. I have to wear white and I have to keep everything in thekitchen totally clean。
　　W: What’s hardabout the job?
　　M: You’restanding up all the time. When we’re busy, people get angry and sharp. Butthat’s normal。
　　W: How did you learn the profession?
　　M: Well, I did a two year course at college.In the first year, we had to learn the basics. And then we had to take theexams。
　　W: Was it easy to find a job?
　　M: I wrote toabout six hotels. And one of them gave me my first job. So I didn’t have towait too long。
　　W: And what’s the secret of being goodat your job?
　　M: Attention todetail and you have to love it. You have to show passion for it。
　　W: And what are your plans for thefuture?
　　M: I want to have my own place when thetime is right。
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on theconversation you have just heard。
　　19. What does the man say about his job?
　　20. What does the man think is thehardest part of his job?
　　21. Where did the man get his first jobafter graduation?
　　22. What does the man say is important tobeing good at his job?
　　四级答案/长对话第一篇：
　　19.B)Itrequires him to work long hours。
　　20. D) It demands physical enduranceand patience。
　　21. D) In a hotel。
　　22. B) Paying attention to everydetail。
　　解析：本篇长对话可以归入求职场景，对话形式为访谈。根据我们昂立四级课堂上为大家强调的“首尾技巧”，长对话开头结尾个设置了一题，即19题和22题，所以这两道题目对于考生来说，还是比较容易把握的。第20题的题干 “Whatdoes the man think is the hardest part of his job?”， 与听力原文 “What’s hardabout the job?” 措辞基本一致，答案比容交易抓住，原文为 “You’restanding up all the time. When we’re busy, people get angry and sharp. Butthat’s normal。”， 意为“你总是站着；繁忙的时候，客人会生气，变得尖刻，但是这很正常”，对应的正确答案进行了抽象化概括，为“Itdemands physical endurance and patience。”，意思是“这份工作需要体力上的耐力和耐心”。
　　长对话原文第二篇：
　　W: Now you’veseen this table of figures about the pocket money children in Britain get?
　　M: Yes. I thought it was quiteinteresting, but I don’t quite understand the column entitled “change”. Can youexplain what it means?
　　W: Well, I think it means the changefrom the year before. I’m not a mathematician, but I assume the rise from 72pto 90p, is the rise of 25%。
　　M: Oh, yes, I see. And the inflationrate is there for comparison。
　　W: Yes. Why doyou think the rise in pocket money is often higher than inflation?
　　M: I’m sorry, I’ve no idea. Perhapsparents in Britain
　　are too generous。
　　W: Perhaps they are. But it looks as ifchildren were a lot better off in 2001 than they were in 2002. That’s strange,isn’t it? And they seemed to have been better off in 2003 than they are now. Iwonder why that is。
　　M: Yes, I don’t understand that at all。
　　W: Anyway, if you had children, how muchpocket money would you give them?
　　M: I don’t know. I think I probably givethem two pounds a week。
　　W: Would you? And what would you expect them to do with it?
　　M: Well, out ofthat they have to buy some small personal things. But I wouldn’t expectthem to save to buy their own socks for example。
　　W: Yes. By the way, do most children inyour country get pocket money?
　　M: Yeah, they do。
　　Questions 23 to question 25 are based onthe conversation you have just heard:
　　Q 23: What is the table of figuresabout?
　　Q 24: What do we learn from theconversation about British children’s pocket money?
　　Q 25: Supposing the man had children,what would he expect them to do with their pocket money?
　　四级答案/长对话第二篇：
　　23. A) The pocket money British children get。
　　24. C) It often rises higher than inflation。
　　25. B) Pay for small personal things。
　　解析：本篇长对话讨论英国儿童的零花钱(pocketmoney)，两人讨论的是一张数据表(tableof figures)，里面出现了四级高频词“inflation(通货膨胀)”。23题的答案就是speaker张嘴第一句话，“Now you’ve seen this table of figures about the pocket moneychildren in Britain get?”，可以说是送给考生的一道题目。对话里提到英国儿童零花钱上升的速度要超过该国通货膨胀的速度。同样，最后一题的答案也是出现在对话结尾。
　　总体而言，两篇长对话的难度基本与往年持平，第一篇相比第二篇难度略低，诸如连读、失爆等语音现象较多，对考生的语音能力进行了较为严格的考察。希望考生在今后的备考中，加强跟读和模仿，改善自己的发音。
　　来源：昂立教育 孙焕奂

