文都名师：英语四级范文出炉过程
　　总体来讲这篇四级作文出的基本中规中矩。
　　从结构来看属于典型的给定观点的文章，三段论很清晰，任务很明确。能用到的语言也在我们的预测范围之内。
　　第一段，开头的句子我们就可以写到：Now we are entering a brand newera full of opportunities and innovations, and great changes have taken placein people's attitude towards some traditional practice只是紧接着只需要把spelling放到后面点明即可。后面加上一句This issue has been brought into public focusand called for further concern。(这点可以参看我的博客：http://blog.sina.com.cn/wdhekaiwen)
　　第一段就圆满了。
　　第二段开头任务明确写原因：
　　开头句子给大家备好了：
　　A number of factors could accountfor the problem, but the following are the most critical ones。
　　这段的内容是比较好想的，第一个原因我准备从信息角度入手，并且在内容的预测上我也是给同学们准备了信息方面的句子。
　　First, information is expanding atsuch an increasing rate that our society is called the one of information. The informationis so immense that students haven' t ample energy and time to deal deeply withspelling,这里我用到了很好的代词：one,和句式：so…that…既然是范文我就自己小小的发挥了一下：some computer programs, such as word ,havedone the spelling checking work for us 。
　　第二个原因：万恶考为首，
　　Second, the standardized-test oriented way of Englishlearning, in which the high score can be achieved without spelling, putstudents to the position in which they have the quite reason to ignorespelling。
　　在这个句子中用到了同学们熟悉的表达：put students to the position。还很拽的用到了一个主干隔离结构in which the high score can beachieved without spelling，一个好的单词testoriented以什么为目标。
　　这段也很圆满。
　　第三段：这段更是平淡无奇：
　　但开头的句子是没有问题的，我们很熟悉的开头句。
　　This issue may lead to a number ofunfavorable consequences, with the following two the most serious.
　　后面有两种写法：
　　一种是写危害：
　　但是诚实的讲我认为这个现象没有什么太大的危害，但是不写的话又无话可说了。
　　我自己也是想了很久才想到了两点所谓的危害。
　　For one thing ,… for another ,这样的句子和京剧里面的亮相是一个概念。
　　For one thing, the informationwould be incorrect when conveyed by hand- writing way and cause some badeffects. For another, we may indulge ourselves in this way of inaccuracy whichmay influence our attitude of learning or research。
　　这两个危害我是憋了好久才想出来了，又不敢写的太难，大家就将就看了，
　　有危害总要解决下吧，咱的强项啊！
　　The awareness of the importance ofthis issue should be enhanced and some proper measures should be taken. It isreasonable for us to believe that the situation will be improved in the nearfuture. 多棒的结尾啊！
　　还有一种写法就是：直接写解决的方法会简单些 ：
　　In viewof the importance of this issue , effective measures should be taken beforethings get worse. For one thing, it is essential that students should beencouraged to use less automatic spelling checking tools。(回忆下上课讲的上下义词) For another, spellingshould be highlighted in the English test ,such as CET-4 and CET 6.What’s more,the public should enhance their awareness of the importance of spelling .Withthese measures taken, it is reasonable for us to believe that the situation ofpoor spelling will be improved in the near future。
　　针对不同的两个原因提出两个不同的解决方法。
　　欢迎广大考生来访问我的博客：
　　http://blog.sina.com.cn/wdhekaiwen
　　参考范文：
　　Now we are entering a brand newera full of opportunities and innovations, and great changes have taken placein people's attitude towards some traditional practice, especially in the areaof English learning , one of which is less attention has been given to spellingby college students . This issue has been brought into public focus and calledfor further concern。
　　A number of factors could accountfor the problem, but the following are the most critical ones. First, informationis expanding at such an increasing rate that our society is called the one ofinformation. The information is so immense that students haven' t ample energyand time to deal deeply with spelling, and some computer programs, such as word,have done the spelling checking work for us . Second, the standardized-test orientedway of English learning, in which the high score can be achieved withoutspelling, put students to the position in which they have the quite reason toignore spelling。
　　This issue may lead to a number ofunfavorable consequences, with the following two the most serious. For onething, the information would be incorrect when conveyed by hand- writing wayand cause some bad effects. For another, we may indulge ourselves in this wayof inaccuracy which may influence our attitude of learning or research. The awarenessof the importance of this issue should be enhanced and some proper measures shouldbe taken. It is reasonable for us to believe that the situation will be improvedin the near future。
　　三段的第二种写法：In view of the importance of this issue ,effective measures should be taken before things get worse. For one thing, itis essential that students should be encouraged to use less automatic spellingchecking tools. For another, spelling should be highlighted in the English test,such as CET-4 and CET 6.What’s more ,the public should enhance their awarenessof the importance of spelling .With these measures taken, it is reasonable forus to believe that the situation of poor spelling will be improved in the nearfuture。

