2010年12月英语四级听力原文及答案(沪江版)
　　沪江英语绿宝书之2010年12月大学英语四级考试
　　听力原文
　　Section A
　　短对话 (11~18)
　　11.
　　M: Oh my god! The heat is simply unbearable here. I wish we’ve gone to the beach instead。
　　W: Well, with the museums and restaurants in Washington I’ll be happy here no matter what the temperature。
　　Q：What does the woman mean?
　　12.
　　M: How’s the new job going?
　　W: Well, I’m learning a lot of new things, but I wish the director would give me some feedback。
　　Q：What does the woman want to know?
　　13.
　　M: Can you help me work out a physical training program John?
　　W: Sure, but whatever you do be careful not to overdo it. Last time I had two weeks’ worth of weight-lifting in three days and I hurt myself。
　　Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
　　14.
　　M: I have an elderly mother and I’m worried about her going on a plane. Is there any risk?
　　W: Not if her heart is all right. If she has a heart condition, I’d recommend against it。
　　Q: What does the man want to know about his mother?
　　15.
　　M: Why didn’t you stop when we first signaled you at the crossroads?
　　W: Sorry, I was just a bit absent-minded. Anyway, do I have to pay a fine?
　　Q: what do we learn from the conversation?
　　16.
　　M: I’m no expert, but that noise in your refrigerator doesn’t sound right. Maybe you should have it fixed。
　　W: You’re right. And I suppose I’ve put it off long enough。
　　Q: What will the woman probably do?
　　17.
　　M: I did extremely well on the sale of my downtown apartment. Now, I have enough money to buy that piece of land I’ve had my eye on and build a house on it。
　　W: Congratulations！Does that mean you’ll be moving soon?
　　Q: What do we learn about the man from the conversation?
　　18.
　　W: My hand still hurts from the fall on the ice yesterday. I wonder if I broke something。
　　M: I’m no doctor, but it’s not black and blue or anything. Maybe you just need to rest it for a few days。
　　Q: what do we learn about the woman from the conversation?
　　长对话 (19~21)
　　M: Mrs. Dawson, thanks very much for coming down to the station. I just like to go over some of the things that you told police officer Parmer at the bank。
　　W: All right。
　　M: Well, could you describe the man who robbed the bank for this report that we’re filling out here? Now, anything at all that you can remember would be extremely helpful to us。
　　W: Well, just, I can only remember basically what I said before。
　　M: That’s all right。
　　W: The man was tall, six foot, and he had dark hair, and he had moustache。
　　M: Very good. All right, did he have any other distinguishing marks?
　　W: Um, no, none that I can remember。
　　M: Do you remember how old he was by any chance?
　　W: Well, I guess around 30, maybe younger, give or take a few years。
　　M: Mm, all right. Do you remember anything about what he was wearing?
　　W: Yes, yes, he had on a dark sweater, a solid color。
　　M: OK. Um, anything else that strikes you at the moment?
　　W: I remember he was wearing a light shirt under the sweater. Yes, yes。
　　M: All right. Mrs. Dawson, I really appreciate what you’ve been through today. I’m just going to ask you to look at some photographs before you leave if you don’t mind. It won’t take very long. Can you do that for me?
　　W: Oh, of course。
　　M: Would you like to step this way with me, please?
　　W: OK, sure。
　　M: Thank you。
　　Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard。
　　19. What do we learn about the woman?
　　20. What did the suspect look like?
　　21. What did the man finally asked the woman to do?
　　长对话 (22~25)
　　W: Good morning, I’m calling about the job that was in the paper last night。
　　M: Well, could you tell me your name?
　　W: Candidate Foreset。
　　M: Oh yes. What exactly is it that interests you about the job?
　　W: Well, I thought it was just right for me。
　　M: Really? Um… Could you tell me a little about yourself?
　　W: Yes. I’m 23. I’ve been working abroad。
　　M: Where exactly have you been working?
　　W: In Geneva。
　　M: Oh, Geneva. And what were you doing there?
　　W: Secretarial work. Previous to that, I was at university。
　　M: Which university was that?
　　W: The University of Manchester. I’ve got a degree in English。
　　M: You said you’ve been working in Geneva. Do you have any special reason for wanting to come back?

