盘点：四六级作文中的经典英文台词
　　1.记住该记住的，忘记该忘记的。改变能改变的，接受不能改变的。
　　Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten.Alter what is changeable, and accept what is mutable.　　
　　2.能冲刷一切的除了眼泪，就是时间，以时间来推移感情，时间越长，冲突越淡，仿佛不断稀释的茶。
　　Apart from tears, only time could wear everything away. While feeling is being processed by time, conflicts would be reconciled as time goes by, just like a cup of tea that is being continuously diluted.　　
　　3.怨言是上天得至人类最大的供物，也是人类祷告中最真诚的部分。
　　Complaints are the greatest offerings that God obtains from human beings, as well as the most faithful prayers human beings might utter to God.　　
　　4.智慧的代价是矛盾。这是人生对人生观开的玩笑。
　　Wisdom appears in contradiction to itself, which is a trick life plays on philosophy of life.　　
　　5.世上的姑娘总以为自己是骄傲的公主(除了少数极丑和少数极聪明的姑娘例外)。
　　Girls always look on themselves as proud princesses, with the exception of a small number of either extremugly or exceedingly smart ones.　　
　　6.如果敌人让你生气，那说明你还没有胜他的把握。
　　It can be inferred that you lack confidence in a victory over your rivals from the fact that you're irritable against them.　　
　　7.如果朋友让你生气，那说明你仍然在意他的友情。
　　From that you would get angry with your friends, we can conclude you sitll care about the friendship between you.　　
　　8.令狐冲说“有些事情本身我们无法控制，只好控制自己。” 可是，他算什么！！
　　“ Something is out of our control, so we have to command ourselves。“ said Linghu Chong, a known character in a Chinese novel about persons adept in martial arts. Who is, however, fucking he?　　
　　9.我不知道我现在做的哪些是对的，那些是错的，而当我终于老死的时候我才知道这些。所以我现在所能做的就是尽力做好每一件事，然后等待着老死。
　　Only till my natural death.could I tell which of what I have been doing is right or wrong, so now I have to try to do well in everything, and then wait to die a natural death.　　
　　10.也许有些人很可恶，有些人很卑鄙。而当我设身为他想象的时候，我才知道：他比我还可怜。所以请原谅所有你见过的人，好人或者坏人。
　　Some may be wicked, and some may be despicable. Only when I put myself in their position did I know they are more miserable than I. So forgive all that you have met, no matter what kind of persons they are。
　　11.鱼对水说你看不到我的眼泪，因为我在水里。水说我能感觉到你的眼泪，因为你在我心里。
　　“You couldn't see my tears cause I am in the water。“ Fish said to water。“But I could feel your tears cause you are in me。“ Answered water.　　
　　12.快乐要有悲伤作陪，雨过应该就有天晴。如果雨后还是雨，如果忧伤之后还是忧伤。请让我们从容面对这离别之后的离别。 微笑地去寻找一个不可能出现的你！
　　Happiness is accompanied by sorrow, and it would turn sunny after rain as well. If rain remains after rain and sorrow remains after sorrow, please take those farewells easy, and turn to smilingly look for yourself who is never to appear.　　
　　13.死亡教会人一切，如同考试之后公布的结果？？虽然恍然大悟，但为时晚矣！
　　Like the outcome after an exam, death makes us aware of anything, That is, it's too late to take a tumble.　　
　　14.你出生的时候，你哭着，周围的人笑着；你逝去的时候，你笑着，而周围的人在哭！
　　When you were born, you're crying but lookers-on were smiling. When you are passing away, you're smiling but lookers-on are crying。
　　15.男人在结婚前觉得适合自己的女人很少，结婚后觉得适合自己的女人很多。
　　Man might think that few women fit him before his marriage, and contrarily when they get married.　　
　　16.于千万人之中，遇见你所遇见的人；于千万年之中，时间的无涯荒野里，没有早一步，也没有晚一步，刚巧赶上了。
　　Among thousands of people, you meet those you've met. Through thousands of years, with the boundlessness of time, you happen to meet them, neither earlier nor a bit too late.　　
　　17.每个人都有潜在的能量，只是很容易：被习惯所掩盖，被时间所迷离，被惰性所消磨。
　　Everyone has his inherent ability which is easily concealed by habbits, blured by time, and eroded by laziness。
　　18.人生短短几十年，不要给自己留下了什么遗憾，想笑就笑，想哭就哭，该爱的时候就去爱，无谓压抑自己。
　　Be sure that you have never had any regrets in your life which only lasts for a few decades. Laugh or cry as you like, and it's meaningless to oppress yourself.　　
　　19.《和平年代》里的话：当幻想和现实面对时，总是很痛苦的。要么你被痛苦击倒，要么你把痛苦踩在脚下。
　　While our dream is confronted with the reality, you always feel painful. Just trample on the pain, or you'll be beat down by it.　　
　　20.真正的爱情是不讲究热闹不讲究排场不讲究繁华更不讲究嚎头的。
　　A true love is what doesn't strive for busyness, for extravagance, for luxury, and moreover for hokum.　　
　　21.生命中，不断地有人离开或进入。于是，看见的，看不见了；记住的，遗忘了。生命中，不断地有得到和失落。于是，看不见的，看见了；遗忘的，记住了。 然而，看不见的，是不是就等于不存在？记住的，是不是永远不会消失？
　　There is someone that is coming or passing away in your life around the clock, so you may lose sight of those seen, and forget those remembered. There is gain and loss in your life, so you may catch sight of those unseen, and remember those forgotten. Nevertheless, doesn't the unseen exist for sure? Will the remembered remain for ever?　　
　　22.我们确实活得艰难，一要承受种种外部的压力，更要面对自己内心的困惑。在苦苦挣扎中，如果有人向你投以理解的目光，你会感到一种生命的暖意，或许仅有短暂的一瞥，就足以使我感奋不已。
　　It's true that we have been leading a difficult life, for we need not only to be under various external pressures, but also to be in the face of internal perplexities.You would be affected by the warmth of life if someone gives you an understanding look during your bitter struggle.Even a mere glance would make you moved and inpired.　　
　　23.我不去想是否能够成功，既然选择了远方，便只顾风雨兼程；我不去想，身后会不会袭来寒风冷雨，既然目标是地平线，留给世界的只能是背影。
　　I wouldn't care success or failure, for I will only struggle ahead as long as I have been destined to the distance. I wouldn't care the difficulties around, for what I can leave on the earth is only their view of my back since I have been marching toward the horizontal.　　
　　24.后悔是一种耗费精神的情绪。后悔是比损失更大的损失，比错误更大的错误。所以不要后悔。
　　Penitence is something that enervates our spirit, causing a greater loss than loss itself and making a bigger mistake than mistake itself, so never regret。
　　25.以下是《料理鼠王》台词
　　You must be imaginative, 　　strong hearted. 　　只要有想像力，还要有决心 　　You must try things that may not work. 　　千万不要怕失败 　　And you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. 　　也不要因为出身低就让别人限制了你发展的机会 　　Your only limit is your soul. 　　你的成败在于你的心 But there are times when a critic truly risks something and that is in the discovery and defense of the new. 　　可是有时候评论家真的得冒险去发现并且捍卫新的事物 　　The world is often unkind to new talent, new creations. 　　这个世界对待新秀、新的创作非常苛刻， 　　The new needs friends. 　　新人及新作需要朋友 Not everyone can become a great artist, 　　并非任何人都能成为伟大的艺术家 　　but a great artist can come from anywhere. 　　但是伟大的艺术家可能来自任何地方 Not everyone can become a great artist, 　　并非任何人都能成为伟大的艺术家 　　but a great artist can come from anywhere. 　　但是伟大的艺术家可能来自任何地方

