2011英语四级考试仔细阅读精选练习
　　Part II  Reading Comprehension
　　(35 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 4 passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A)， B)， C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the center。
　　Passage One
　　Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage。
　　The biggest safety threat facing airlines today may not be a terrorist with a gun, but the man with the portable computer in business class. In the last 15 years, pilots have reported well over 100 incidents that could have been caused by electromagnetic interference. The source of this interference remains unconfirmed, but increasingly, experts are pointing the blame at portable electronic device such as portable computers, radio and cassette players and mobile telephones。
　　RTCA, an organization which advises the aviation (航空) industry, has recommended that all airlines ban (禁止) such devices from being used during “critical” stages of flight, particularly take-off and landing. Some experts have gone further, calling for a total ban during all flights. Currently, rules on using these devices are left up to individual airlines. And although some airlines prohibit passengers from using such equipment during take-off and landing, most are reluctant to enforce a total ban, given that many passengers want to work during flights。
　　The difficulty is predicting how electromagnetic fields might affect an aircraft’s computers. Experts know that portable device emit radiation which affects those wavelengths which aircraft use for navigation and communication. But, because they have not been able to reproduce these effects in a laboratory, they have no way of knowing whether the interference might be dangerous or not。
　　The fact that aircraft may be vulnerable (易受损的) to interference raises the risk that terrorists may use radio systems in order to damage navigation equipment. As worrying, though, is the passenger who can’t hear the instructions to turn off his radio because the music’s too loud。
　　21. The passage is mainly about ________。
　　A) a new regulation for al airlines
　　B) the defects of electronic devices
　　C) a possible cause of aircraft crashes
　　D) effective safety measures for air flight
　　22. What is said about the over 100 aircraft incidents in the past 15 years?
　　A) They may have been caused by the damage to the radio systems。
　　B) They may have taken place during take-off and landing。
　　C) They were proved to have been caused by the passengers’ portable computers。
　　D) They were suspected to have resulted from electromagnetic interference。
　　23. Few airlines want to impose a total ban on their passengers using electronic devices because ________。
　　A) they don’t believe there is such a danger as radio interference
　　B) the harmful effect of electromagnetic interference is yet to be proved
　　C) most passengers refuse to take a plane which bans the use of radio and cassette players
　　D) they have other effective safety measures to fall back on
　　24. Why is it difficult to predict the possible effects of electromagnetic fields on an airplane’s computers?
　　A) Because it is extremely dangerous to conduct such research on an airplane。
　　B) Because it remains a mystery what wavelengths are liable to be interfered with。
　　C) Because research scientists have not been able to produce the same effects in labs。
　　D) Because experts lack adequate equipment to do such research。
　　25. It can be inferred from the passage that the author ________。
　　A) is in favor of prohibiting passengers’ use of electronic devices completely
　　B) has overestimated the danger of electromagnetic interference
　　C) hasn’t formed his own opinion on this problem
　　D) regards it as unreasonable to exercise a total ban during flight
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage。
　　The rise of multinational corporations (跨国公司)， global marketing, new communications technologies, and shrinking cultural differences have led to an unparalleled increase in global public relations or PR。
　　Surprisingly, since modern PR was largely an American invention, the U.S. leadership in public relations is being threatened by PR efforts in other countries. Ten years ago, for example, the world’s top five public relations agencies were American-owned. In 1991, only one was. The British in particular are becoming more sophisticated and creative. A recent survey found that more than half of all British companies include PR as part of their corporate (公司的) planning activities, compared to about one-third of U.S. companies. It may
　　not be long before London replaces New York as the capital of PR。
　　Why is America lagging behind in the global PR race? First, Americans as a whole tend to be fairly provincial and take more of an interest in local affairs. Knowledge of world geography, for example, has never been strong in this country. Secondly, Americans lag behind their European and Asian counterparts (相对应的人) in knowing a second language. Less than 5 percent of Burson—Marshall’s U.S. employees know two languages. Ogilvy and Mather has about the same percentage. Conversely, some European firms have half or more of their employees fluent in a second language. Finally, people involved in PR abroad tend to keep a closer eye on international affairs. In the financial PR area, for instance, most Americans read the Wall Street Journal. Overseas, their counterparts read the Journal as well as the Financial Times of London and The Economist, publications not often read in this 

