2011年英语六级考试听力长对话原文(沪江版)
　　2011年大学英语六级考试已结束，新浪网教育频道第一时间收集整理试题及参考答案，供考生参考，以下为沪江网校版听力长对话原文。
　　Conversation One
　　听力原文
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard。
　　W: You know I've often wondered why people laugh at the picture of a big belly businessman slipping on a banana skin and falling on his bottom. We are to feel sorry for them。
　　M: Actually, Laura, I think we laugh because we are glad it didn't happen to us. But of course there is also a kind of humorous satisfaction in seeing somebody self-important making a fool of themselves。
　　W: Yes, and there are a lot of jokes about people who are too fat or physically handicapped, you know, deaf, or short-sighted things like that. After all, it's not really funny to be like that。
　　M: Oh, I think that's because we're embarrassed. We don't know how to cope with the situation. Perhaps we are even a bit frightened we may get like that, so we laugh。
　　M: What about the custard pie routine?
　　W: What do you mean 'custard pie routine'?
　　M: You know, all those old films where someone gets so outraged with his boss, He picks up a custard pie and plasters it all over the other person's face。
　　W: That never makes me laugh much, because you can guess what's going to happen. But a lot of people still find it laughable. It must because of the sort of the thing we'd all love to do once in a while and never quiet have the courage to。
　　M: I had an old aunt who used to throw cups of tea at people when she was particularly irritated. She said it relieved her feelings。
　　W: It must have come a bit expensive。
　　M: Not really. She took care never to throw her best china。
　　19. Why does the man say we laughed when we see some self-important people making fool of themselves?
　　20. Why do some people joke about those who are fat or handicapped according to the man?
　　21. Why do many people find it funny to see someone throwing a custard pie on their boss's face?
　　22. Why do the man say she would drop cups of tea at people occasionally?
　　Conversation Two
　　听力原文
　　W：Your name Sanjay Kumar is that correct?
　　M：Yes, madam。
　　W：You claim you are traveling on a scholarship from Delhi University。
　　M：That's right。
　　W：Now it seems that a hand gun was found in your luggage. Do you admit that?
　　M：Yes, but…
　　W：According to the statement you made, you had never seen the hand gun before it was found in your bag. Do you still maintain that?
　　M：But it's true. I swear it。
　　W：Mmm, you do realize Mr. Kumar that to bring a hand gun into Hong Kong without proper authorization is a serious offense。
　　M：But I didn't bring it. I … I mean I didn't know anything about it. It wasn't there when I left Delhi. My bags were searched. It was part of the airport security check。
　　W：Maybe so, but someone managed to get that hand gun onto the aircraft or it couldn't have been there。
　　M：Someone but not me。
　　W：Tell me , where was your personal bag during the flight?
　　M：I had it down by my feet between me and the man in the next seat。
　　M: He was the only person who could have opened my bag while I was asleep. It must have been him。
　　W: I see. Have you any idea who this man was?
　　M: He told me his name, Alfred Foster. He was very friendly, after I woke up that is. He hadn't spoken before。
　　W: Alfred Foster, we can check that on the passenger list。
　　M: He said he had a car coming to meet him. He offered me a lift。
　　W: Oh, Why should he do that?
　　M: So he can get his handgun back, that's why. Please find him, Madam。
　　Questions 23-25 are based on the conversation you have just heard
　　23. What is Sanjay Kumar suspected of?
　　24. What do we know about Alfred Foster ?
　　25. What does Sanjay Kumar ask the woman to do finally?

