2011年英语四级考试参考答案(新东方版)
　　2011年大学英语四级考试已结束，新浪网教育频道第一时间收集整理试题及参考答案，供考生参考，以下为新东方版四级答案。
　　作文：
　　1、  现在网上购物已成为一种时尚
　　2、  网上购物有很多好处，但也有不少问题
　　3、  我的建议
　　范文：
　　Online Shopping
　　作者：北京新东方学校李艳华、陈科
　　It would be an amazing wonder decades ago to even think about purchasing our favorite gifts by clicking the mouse and just a few days’ wating. While, today, just a few glances and you will find that your dreams have come true—online shopping has been interageted into our daily lives。
　　No doubt that unprecedented convinence has been brought by online shopping—not to mention the time and labour saved via the Internet. However, more concerns have been given to the inherent shortcomings that born out of online shopping. The images you see on the Internet may seem completely different from the items which have been just delivered to your hands. Besides, the time saved on browsing in a department stroe may be replaced by the time the goods finally find its way to your house。
　　Faced with such dilemma, what is our resolutions? First and foremost, relevant laws and regulations must be introduecd to supervise the quality and delivery of online commodity. Furthermore, bodies should be establishe to oversee and eradicate the websties which sell fake goods. Zero-tolerance should become the prevailing discipline to preserve consumers’ rights and benefits。
　　四级听力：
　　11    A) Heis careless about his appearance。
　　12    B) Janemay be caught in a traffic jam。
　　13    A)Training for the Mid-Atlantic Championships。
　　14    D) Hehas been having a hard time。
　　15    D) Thewoman thinks highly of the speaker。
　　16    C) Thewoman should seek help from the tutoring service。
　　17    C) Jillwore the overcoat last week。
　　18    B) Animaginary situation。
　　19    
　　D) A sport he participates in
　　20    
　　D) He can’t decide whether to include the effortpart of skiing。
　　21    
　　A) New ideas come up as you write。
　　22    
　　D) Hostess of the weekly “BusinessWorld”。
　　23    
　　B) He and his wife did everything by themselves。
　　24    
　　B) He advertises a lot on radio and in newspaper。
　　25    
　　B) The restaurant atmosphere。
　　26C) There are many false notions about it
　　27 C) It can lead to the loss ofvision in children
　　28 D) It can only be partlyaccomplished now
　　29D)They have jobs and other commitments。
　　30 A)They don't want to use up alltheir life savings。
　　31 C)Be frank and seek help fromothers。
　　32 A) Health and safety conditions inthe workplace
　　33 A) Replace its out-datedequipment
　　34 A) They requested to transfer to asafer department
　　35 C) To protect against the poorworking conditions。
　　复合式听写：
　　Contrary to theold warning that time waits for no one, time slows down when youare on the move. It also slows down more as you move faster, whichmeans astronauts some day may (36)survive so long in spacethat they would return to an earth of the (37)distant future。
　　If you could move at the speed of light, your time would standstill, if you could move faster than light, your time would move(38)backward。
　　Although no form of matter yet (39)discovered, moves asfast as or faster than light, (40)scientific experiments hasalready confirmed that accelerated (41)motion causes atraveler’s time to be stretched. Albert Einstein(42)predicted this in 1905, when he (43)introduced
　　the concept of relative time as part of his special theory ofrelativity. A search is now under way to confirm the suspectedexistence of particles of matter (44)that move at a speedgreater than light. And therefore, might serve as our passports tothe past。
　　An obsession with time, saving, gaming, wasting, losing andmastering it----(45)seems to have been a part of humanity for aslong as human have existed. Humanity also has been obsessedwith trying to capture the meaning of time. Einstein (46)used adefinition of time for experimental purposes, as that which ismeasured by a clock. Thus time and time’s relativity aremeasurable by any hour glass, alarm clock, or atomic clock that canmeasure a billionth of a second。
　　(欧阳萍\王双林)
　　四级阅读：
　　1.      
　　Its bad taste
　　2.      
　　an inadequate supply of food
　　3.      
　　Its people cared more for quantity
　　4.      
　　all kinds of overseas visitors
　　5.      
　　New ideas and presentations
　　6.      
　　maintain Britis traditional tastes
　　7.      
　　They are produced on excellent organic farms
　　8.      
　　lacal markets
　　9.   in a Britsh way
　　10.   share their meals
　　(陈科)
　　选词填空
　　tend negative efficiently associated alert function definitelyyounger continuing different
　　仔细阅读
　　57 Interracial lodging may have diverse outcomes
　　58 Being surrounded by white peers motivates a black student towork harder to succeed
　　59 Roommates of different races just don’t get along
　　60 The school randomly assings roommates without ragard torace
　　61 It is unscientific to make generalizations about it withoutfurther study
　　62 Rates fo death from illnesses have risen due to globalwarming
　　63 It was challenged by some climate and risk experts
　　64 It is invalid in terms of methodology
　　65 Its rough estimates are meant to draw the attention of worldleaders
　　66 How rich countries can better help poor regions reduceclimate hazards
　　四级完形
　　67. B.through
　　68. C.specific
　　69. A.key
　　70. B.different
　　71. B.prevent
　　72. A.in
　　73. C.focus
　　74. A.over
　　75. C.rather
　　76. B.consumed
　　77. A.vital
　　78. C.amazed
　　79. B.contain
　　80. B.interact
　　81. C.on
　　82. D.up
　　83. B.Fill
　　84. C.avoid
　　85. D.doubt
　　86. C.impact
　　(卢根+张一鑫)
　　四级翻译
　　87，The university authorities did not approve theregulation,____(也没有解释为什么)
　　88，Jane is tired of dealing with customer complaints and wishesthat she_____(能被分配做另一项工作)
　　89，John rescued the drowning child_____(冒着自己生命危险)
　　90. George called his boss from the airport but it__________________(接电话的却是他的助手)
　　91，Although he was interested in philosophy,______(他的父亲说服他)majoring in law。
　　87.and didn’t explain the reasons either
　　88.could be assigned to do another job
　　89.at the risk of his own life
　　90.turned out to be his assistant
　　91.his father talked him into

