2011年6月四级听力理解长对话原文(沪江版)
　　2011年大学英语四级考试已结束，新浪网教育频道第一时间收集整理试题及参考答案，供考生参考，以下为沪江网校版听力理解长对话原文。
　　Conversation One
　　M: Hello, professor Johnson。
　　W: Hello, Tony. So what shall we work on today?
　　M: Well, the problem is that this writing assignment isn’t coming out right. What I thought I was writing on was to talk about what particular sport means to me when I participate in,
　　W: What sport did you choose?
　　M: I decided to write about cross-country skiing。
　　W: What are you going to say about skiing?
　　M: That’s the problem. I thought I would write about how peaceful it is to be out in the country。
　　W: So why is that a problem?
　　M: As I start describing how quiet it is to be out in the woods. I keep mentioning how much effort it takes to keep going. Cross-country skiing isn’t as easy as some people think. It takes a lot of energy, but that’s not part of my paper. So I guess I should leave it out. But now I don’t know how to explain that feeling of peacefulness without explaining how hard you have to work for it. It all fits together. It’s not like just sitting down somewhere and watching the clouds roll by. That’s different。
　　W: Then you’ll have to include that in your point. The peacefulness of cross-country skiing is the kind you earn by effort. Why leave that out? Part of your point you knew before hand but part you discovered as you wrote. That’s common, right?
　　M: Yeah, I guess so。
　　Q19: What is the topic of the man’s writing assignment?
　　Q20: What problem does the man have while working on his paper?
　　Q21: What does the woman say is common in writing papers?
　　Conversation Two
　　W: Good evening and welcome to this week's Business World。
　　It program for and about business people. Tonight we have Mr. Angeleno who came to the US six years ago, and is now an established businessman with three restaurants in town.Tell us Mr. Angeleno, how did you get started?
　　M: Well I started off with a small diner. I did all the cooking myself and my wife waited on tables. It was really too much work for two people. My cooking is great. And word got around town about the food. Within a year, I had to hire another cook and four waitresses. When that restaurant became very busy, I decided to expand my business. Now with three places my main concern is keeping the business successful and running smoothly。
　　W: Do you advertise?
　　M: Oh yes. I don't have any TV commercials, because they are too expensive. But I advertise a lot on radio and in local newspapers. My children used to distribute ads. in nearby shopping centres, but we don't need to do that anymore。
　　W: Why do you believe you've been so successful?
　　M: Em, I always serve the freshest possible food and I make the atmosphere as comfortable and as pleasant as I can, so that my customers will want to come back。
　　W: So you always aim to please the customers?
　　M: Absolutely!Without them I would have no business at all。
　　W: Thank you Mr.Angeleno.I think your advice will be helpfull to those just staring out in business。
　　Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard。
　　22 What is the woman’s occupation?
　　23 what do we learn about Mr.Angeleno’s business at its beginning?
　　24 what does Mr.Angeleno say about advertising his businesse?
　　25 What does the man say contribute to his success?

