北京成人本科学士学位英语考试真题及答案
　　Part I  Reading Comprehension (30%)
　　Directions: There are three passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. You should decide on the best choice and blacken the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet。
　　Passage 1
　　Questions I to 5 are based on the following passage:
　　Spending 50 minutes with a cell phone close to your ear is enough to change brain cell activity in the part of the brain closest to the antenna(天线). But whether that causes any harm is not clear, scientists at the National Institute of Health said at a conference last month, adding that the study will not likely settle concerns of  a link between cell phones and brain cancer. “What we showed is glucose (葡萄糖) metabolism(代谢)(a sign of brain activity) increases in the brain in people who were exposed to a cell phone in the area closest to the antenna,” said Dr. Nora Volkow of the NIH, whose study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. (76) The study was meant to examine how the brain reacts to electromagnetic fields caused by wireless phone signals。
　　Volkow said she was surprised that the weak electromagnetic radiation(电磁辐射) from cell phones could affect brain activity, but she said the findings do not shed any light on whether cell phones cause cancer. “This study does not in any way indicate that. What the study does is to show the human brain is sensitive to electromagnetic radiation from cell phone exposures。” Use of the devices has increased dramatically since they were introduced in the early 1980s, with about 5 billion cell phones now in use worldwide。
　　Some studies have linked cell phone exposure to an increased risk of brain cancers, but a large study bu the World Health Organization did not offer a clear answer to this. Volkow’s team studied 47 people who had their brain examined while a cell phone was turned on for 50 minutes and another while the phone was turned off. While there was no complete change in brain metabolism, they found a 7 percent increase in brain metabolism in the region closest to the cell phone antenna when the phone was on。
　　(77)Experts said the results were interesting, but urged that they be understood with great care. “ Although the biological significance, if any, of increased glucose metabolism from too much cell phone exposure is unknown, the results require further investigation,” Henry Lai of the University of Washington in the U.S. and Dr. Lennart Hardell of University Hospital in Sweden, wrote in an article in JAMA. “Much has to be done to further investigate and understand these effects。” They wrote。
　　1.       According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
　　A.      Cell phone use is dangerous。
　　B.      Cell phone use causes cancer。
　　C.      The human brain is an electromagnetic field。
　　D.      There are about 5 billion cell phone users in the world right now。
　　2.       Doctor Volkow was astonished because ______。
　　A.      her research has shed light on her understanding of cell phone
　　B.      she found that cell phone exposure is harmful to human brain
　　C.      she found that using a cell phone for about 50 minutes could influence or change brain activity
　　D.      human brain is not responsive to electromagnetic radiation
　　3.       According to the passage, cell phones were launched _______。
　　A.      in the late 1970s      B. between 1980 and 1985
　　B.      in the late 1980s    D. in the early 1990s
　　4.       What does the word “that” stand for in the second paragraph?
　　A.      Brain activity。
　　B.      Her research findings。
　　C.      The fact that cell phone use may cause cancer。
　　D.      Her research progress。
　　5.       Which of the following is an appropriate title for this passage?
　　A.      Cell Phone Radiation: Is It Harmful?
　　B.      Cell Phone Radiati0n: Is It Useful?
　　C.      Cell Phone Radiation: Is It Healthy?
　　D.      Cell Phone Radiation: Is It Weak?
　　Passage 2
　　Questions 6 to 10 are based on the following passage:
　　Human beings have always had an ability to attend to several things at once. (78) Nor is electronic multitasking entirely new: We’ve been driving while listening to car radios since they became popular in the 1930s. but there is no doubt that multitasking has reached a kind of warp speed in the era of Web-enabled computers, when it has become routine to conduct several IM(及时通讯)conversations, watch TV and use the computer all at once。
　　But what’s the impact of this media consumption? And how are these multitasking devices changing how kids learn, reason and communicate with one another ?Social scientists and educators are just beginning to deal with these questions, but the researchers already have some strong opinions。
　　(79)Although multitasking kids may be better prepared in some ways for today’s fast-paced work placed, Many scientists are positively alarmed by the trend。 Kids that are instant messaging while doing homework, playing games online and watching TV, aren’t going to do well in the long run。
　　On the positive side, multitasking students tend to be extraordinarily good at finding and using information. And probably because modern childhood centers around visual(视觉的)rather than print media, they are especially skilled at analyzing visual data and images。
　　Many educators and psychologists say parents need to actively ensure that their teenagers break free of uncontrollable engagement with screens and spend time in the physical company of human beings—a growing challenge not just because technology offers such a handy option but because so many teenagers and college students say overcommitted(任务过量的)schedules drives much of their multitasking。
　　Just as important is for parents and educator to teach kids that it’s valuable, even essential, to occasionally slow down, unplugs and take time to enjoy life beyond the screen。
　　6. What is the main idea of this passage?
　　A. How is multitasking define (定义)in the information age?
　　B. How do people see new technology and the social change it brings about?
　　C. How does technology change modern family life?
　　D. What’s the impact of multitasking on young people?
　　7. The expression “warp speed” in the first paragraph is closest in meaning to____。
　　A. Low speed
　　B. Too much time alone。
　　C. high speed
　　D. steady speed
　　8. According to some teenagers and college students ,what causes their multitasking?
　　A. Overcommitted schedules
　　B. Too much time alone
　　C. Inability to focus
　　D. Fear of being neglected
　　9. According to the passage, which of the following statement is TRUE?
　　A. Humans have begun to engage in the multitasking behaviors since the information age。
　　B. Multitasking is a critical skill that students are required to learn at school。
　　C. Only parents can help their kids to get rid of the multitasking habits。
　　D. multitasking may prepare students for the reality of today’s fast-paces work environment。
　　10. What do educators and psychologist advise parents to do their multitasking kids?
　　A. To cut off home internet connection。
　　B. To seek medical treatment。
　　C. To encourage their kids to have some social life。
　　D. to help their kids to set personal goals

