2011年成人高考专升本英语复习资料(八)
　　连 词(6-3~7-1)
　　大纲要求
　　并列连词及其用法；从属连词及其用法。连词在句子中起连接词与词、短语与短语、句子与句子的作用。连词分为并列连词和从属连词，从属连词用于复合句中。并列连词用来连接平行的词、词组或分句。
　　常见连词用法
　　1.but(但是)
　　“I wont go. ” “But youve told me you would。”
　　“Can I help you?” “Im afraid the box is too heavy for you， but thank you all the same。”
　　2. yet(然而)
　　They got to know each other a month ago， yet they have been in deep love now. (be in love 相爱)
　　She has her weaknesses， yet that doesnt mean she is not qualified for the job。(be qualified for 胜任)
　　She is not a native speaker， yet her French is adequate for the job。(be adequate for 胜任)
　　3. however(然而)
　　The text is difficult. It is ， however， not beyond the reach of the students。
　　At first the girl refused to go with him. Later， however， she changed her mind。
　　4. for(因为)
　　Youd better put on your coat， for its rather cold outside。
　　It must be snowing， for it is so bright outside。
　　The old man sat in front of the fire most of the day， for it was very cold。
　　5. so(所以)
　　I have lived in Wuhan for five years， so Im used to the life here。(be used to+n或doing 习惯于…… Im used to getting up early in the morning.used to do sth. 过去常常做某事 I used to teach in the school.I used to get up late in the morning。)
　　It was already rather late， so we decided to go home。
　　My mother is expecting me， so I must be off now。
　　Mary earns a good salary， so she cant be deep in debt。
　　(be in debt 陷于债务之中)
　　6. and(并且)
　　Try your best and youll succeed this time。(succeed是动词，successful是形容词，success是名词)
　　He shook his head and went away。(shook的原型是shake)
　　7. then(然后)
　　First they only quarreled， and then they began to fight。
　　Use your brain， and then youll find a way。
　　8. or(或者)
　　Hurry up， or youll be late。
　　You may do it yourself， or ask someone else to do it。
　　He hardly ever goes to the cinema or the theatre。
　　9. otherwise(否则)
　　She was in a hurry that morning. Otherwise she would have stopped to talk with you。
　　Youd better take more exercise， otherwise youll get fat。
　　10. either …or(或者……或者)
　　You can come either today or tomorrow。
　　You may either stay here or go with me。
　　11. neither， nor， neither…nor
　　I dont know the answer， neither/nor does she。
　　(否定句+neither/nor+倒装句)
　　She couldnt speak German， neither/nor could anyone else in the class。
　　I dont want to do it， nor do I want you to do it。
　　She could neither speak English nor write it。
　　We work neither for fame nor for personal gains。
　　We neither know nor care what has happened。
　　12. both…and (两者都)
　　Shes looking for opportunities both here and abroad。
　　(opportunity 机会)
　　The prospects both excited and worried me。
　　13. not only … but also(不但……而且)
　　not only … but also连接的句子成分一定要一致
　　The boy not only lost the money but also came close to losing his life。
　　He is like his mother not only in appearance but also in character。(not only+介词+名词，but also+介词+名词)
　　14. as well as(也怎么样)
　　We have read one of his novels as well as a few of his plays。
　　The kind man gave me some advice as well as some money。
　　15. nevertheless(然而)
　　She has failed many times， nevertheless she is confident she will succeed in the end。
　　16. therefore(因此)
　　Youre in the right， therefore we should support you。
　　17. hence(因此)
　　The word is an uncountable noun and is used in a general sense， hence(therefore) it takes no article。
　　典型例题：
　　1. “I thought he hated the TV。”
　　“You are right， _______ he still watches the program。”
　　A. yet B. besides C. also D. then
　　yet 然而
　　besides 除了
　　also不是连词，不能连接句子
　　He is a teacher. Im also a teacher。
　　then 然后

