2011下半年北京成人英语三级考试真题
　　2011年下半年北京地区成人本科学士学位英语(成人三级英语)于11月5日进行。考试已经结束，新浪教育(微博)频道特别邀请北京地区成人本科学位英语统一考试辅导专家刘本政老师，为广大考生对2011年下半年北京地区成人本科学士学位英语考试进行真题点评。以下为2011年北京地区成人本科学士学位英语统一考试真题。
　　注 意 事 项
　　一、本场考试时间为上午9：00——11：00。
　　二、考生务必在答题卡上用黑色字迹签字笔填写自己的准考证号、姓名和学校，再用2B铅笔把对应准考证号码的标号涂黑。
　　三、请考生仔细阅读题目的说明。
　　四、答案必须按要求写在答题卡规定的位置上，凡是写在试题册上的答案一律作废。
　　五、答题时，PartⅠ至 Part Ⅳ部分用2B铅笔按示例填涂，如：■[B][C][D]，用其他符号答题者不记分。修改时，必须先用橡皮擦去原来选定的答案，然后再按要求重新作答。
　　六、PartⅤ 部分必须用黑色字迹的签字笔在答题卡规定区域内作答，超出黑色矩形边框区域的答案无效。
　　PartⅠReading Comprehension (30%)
　　Directions: There are three passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A,B,C and D. You should decide on the best choice and blacken the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet。
　　Passage 1
　　Questions 1 to 5 are based on the following passage:
　　The reflective towers of New York City, which is on the Atlantic migrating(迁徙的)route , can be deadly for birds. “We live in an age of glass,” said Ms.Laurel, an architect。(76)“It can be a perfect mirror in certain lights, and the larger the glass, the more dangerous it is。” About 90,000 birds are killed by flying into building in the city each year. Often, they strike the lower levels of glass towers after searching for food in nearby parks. Such crashes are the second-leading cause of death for migrating birds, after habitat(栖息地)loss, with an estimated number of death ranging up to a billion a year。
　　(77)As glass office and apartment towers have increased in the last decade, so, too, have calls to make them less deadly to birds. San Francisco adopted bird-safety standard for new building in July. The United States Green Building Council, a nonprofit industry group that encourages the creation of environmentally conscious buildings, will introduce a bird-safety credit this as part of its environmental certification process。
　　There are no easy fixes, however. A few researchers are exploring glass designs that use ultraviolet(紫外线的)signals, but they are still in their infancy. Covers, dot patterns, shades and net are the main options available。
　　Often, only one section of a building needs to be changed. “You don’t necessarily have to treat every window,” Ms.Laurel said. “It would be too expensive to do the whole building。” The Jacob Convention Center, which has been undergoing alterations, is the most recent building to voluntarily correct the problem of bird crashes. The architects used less reflective glass and dot patterns。
　　1.       What is the main idea of the passage?
　　A. New York is a city of glass towers。
　　B. Glass tower are dangerous for migrating birds。
　　C. New York adopted new safety standards for buildings。
　　D. Glass towers are a new trend in the United States。
　　2. What is the number one cause of death for migrating birds?
　　A. Climate change             B. Habitat loss
　　C. Lack of food               D. Crashing into buildings。
　　3. What does the word “fixes” in the third paragraph probably mean?
　　A. Choices                    B. Explanations
　　C. Solutions                   D. Developments
　　4. _____are used in the alteration of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center。
　　A. Dot patterns                 B. Shades 
　　C. Nets                       D. Covers
　　5. Which of the fowling statements is TRUE according to the passage?
　　A. In many cases, the whole building needs to be altered to prevent bird crashes。
　　B. The Jacob K.Javits Convention Center is the first building to deal with the problem of bird crashes。
　　C. About 90,000 birds are killed due to habitat loss in New York City each year。
　　D. Unfortunately, glass designs that use ultraviolet signals are still in their early stages。
　　Passage 2
　　Question 6 to 10 are based on the fowling passage:
　　Today’s students have grown up hearing more about Bill Gates than F.D.R., and they live in a world where amazing innovations(革新)are common. The current 18-year-olds, after all, were 8 when Google was founded by two students at Stanford; Mark Zuckerberg founded Facebook in 2004 while he was Harvard and they were entering high school. Having grown up digital(数字的)，they are impatient to get on with life。
　　The easiest way to find kids like these is to check in on entrepreneurship(企业家才能)education, in which colleges and universities try to prepare their students to recognize opportunities and seize them。
　　A report published last year by the Kauffman Foundation, which finances programs to promote innovation on campuses, noted that more than 50,000 entrepreneurship programs are offered on two-and four-year campuses—up from just 250 courses in 1985. Lesa Mitchell , a Kauffman vice president, says that the foundation is extending the reach of its academic influence, which used to be found only in business schools. Now, the concept of entrepreneurship is blooming in engineering programs and medical school, and even in the liberal arts. “Our interest is the programs,” she says. “We need to spread out from the business school。”
　　Either as class projects or on their own, students in a variety of majors are coming up with ideas, writing business plans and seeing them through to prototype and, often, market. In their spare time, students in agricultural economics at Purdue invent new uses for bean; industrial design majors at Syracuse, in special laboratory, create wearable technologies。
　　(78)The entrepreneurship movement has its critics, especially among those who see college as a time for extensive academic exploration. “I just don’t think that entrepreneurship ranks so high in terms of national need,” says Daniel S.Greenberg, author of Science for sale: The perils, Rewards and Delusions of Campus Capitalism。
　　Leonard A.Schlesinger, Babson College’s president, says that the question of whether innovation can really be taught is “an age-old argument”
　　6. When Google and Facebook were established, the founders were still_____。
　　A. in high school                    B. in the army
　　C. in primary school                  D. at college
　　7. According to the passage, what is the main purpose of entrepreneurship education?
　　A. To prepare students for future academic life
　　B. To prepare students to find opportunities and seize them。
　　C. To prepare students for overseas career。
　　D. To prepare student to develop interpersonal skills。
　　8. The word “prototype” in the fourth paragraph is most likely to mean_____。
　　A. model                           B. strategy
　　C. method                            D. stage
　　9. What does Daniel S.Grennberg think of entrepreneurship education?
　　A. Entrepreneurship, or at least certain elements of it, can be taught。
　　B. An entrepreneurship program can help students find what they really like and entrepreneurship isn’t all about business。
　　C. Entrepreneurship should be spread across different fields。
　　D. Colleges shouldn’t put too much emphasis on entrepreneurship programs。
　　10. What is the main idea of the passage?
　　A. Entrepreneurship courses in business schools。
　　B. Qualities of an entrepreneur。
　　C. Entrepreneurship education in colleges。
　　D. Kids in the information age。

