名师指导：高三英语阅读表达的能力要求
　　南开中学 段胜利
　　解答阅读表达题，首先要读准题干，判断好题目类型，弄清是属于细节、猜词、推断、主旨和观点态度中的哪一个，这将有助于找准答题信息。
　　第一个题属于细节，要回答“the School of the Future”与other schools的区别。从第一段一上来说到的“…is believed to be the first in the world to combine innovation teaching methods with the latest technology.”就不难找出答案：It combines innovation teaching methods with the latest technology.
　　第二个题是猜词，要明确at random的词义，我们不妨研读一下它的上下文：The school has no entrance exams. The 170 ninth ? grade students were selected at random from 1500 applicants. 上文“没有考试”和下文“从1500报名者中选”，就告诉我们，at random应该是“随便或随机挑出来的”，用英语说即是choosing freely/without taking an exam。
　　第三个题还是细节，要找到文章最后一段对David Terry的描述：David Terry, 14, said he was hoping to “turn over a new leaf ” after discipline problems in his previous school left him with an “average to really bad” academic record. “This is a great opportunity for me,”这其中的关键是理解好“turn over a new leaf ”，应当是从头再来，掀开新的一页，再结合后面提到的他在原学校中的问题，可以归纳出：He will probably work hard and get his grade improved.
　　第四个题是开放问题，你可以发表自己对“the School of the Future”的观点。你可以结合自己的学习经历和学校发展的趋势来作答。通常这种问题不会只有唯一的答案，应当是多种合理的参考答案。这里，你可以参考下面的回答。
　　Yes, I think so，because at this school students can develop the habit of thinking for themselves and acquire the practical skills of problem ? solving and communication.
　　第五个题是主旨问题，要根据文章的结构特点来归纳出文章的题目。全文讲述的话题是“The School of the Future”，a recently ? opened public school in Philadelphia, US。根据这样的话题特点，我们在思考题目时考虑如何把这个话题信息传达清楚。例如，我们可以说：1. High ? tech School Opens in Philadelphia, US；也可以说2. The School of the Future Opens in Philadelphia, US；还可以说3. The School of the Future ? a High ? tech School。这样简练、清楚地概括话题，就可以完成题目的要求。
　　阅读表达虽说是个新题型，但是，同学们对它也并非完全陌生。我们过去所做的阅读理解客观选择题，也是考查上面所述各个方面。阅读表达，要求同学们来准确无误地理解问题，并在文章中找出答案，并在需要的时候来进行概括和表达，这同阅读理解是“异曲同工”，相信同学们经过摸索、训练，一定能掌握答题要领，取得理想的成绩。
　　下面，再提供一个练习，供同学们进行巩固训练。
　　Tell a story and tell it well, and you may open wide the eyes of a child, open up lines of communication in a business, or even open people’s mind to another culture or race.
　　People in many places are digging up the old folk stories and the messages in them. For example, most American storytellers get their tales from a wide variety of sources, cultures, and times. They regard storytelling not only as a useful tool in child education, but also as a meaningful activity that helps adults understand themselves as well as those whose culture may be very different from their own.
　　“ Most local stories are based on a larger theme,” American storyteller Opalanga Pugh says, “ Cinderella(灰姑娘)， or the central idea of a good child protected by her goodness, appears in various forms in almost every culture of the world.”
　　Working with students in schools, Pugh helps them understand their own cultures and the general messages of the stories. She works with prisoner too, helping them knowing who they are by telling stories that her listeners can write, direct, and act in their own lives. If they don’t like the story they are living, they can rewrite the story. Pugh also works to help open up lines of communication between managers and workers. “For every advance in business,” she says, “there is a greater need for communication.” Storytelling can have a great effect on either side of the manager-worker relationship, she says.
　　Pugh spent several years in Nigeria, where she learned how closely storytelling was linked to the everyday life of the people there. The benefits of storytelling are found everywhere, she says.
　　“I learned how people used stories to spread their culture,” she says, “What I do is to focus on the value of the stories that people can translate into their own daily world of affairs. We are all storytellers. We all have a story to tell. We tell everybody’s story.”
　　练习问题
　　1.What is the main idea of the text?(No more than 10 words.)
　　2.How does American storyteller think of storytelling? (No more than 10 words.)
　　3.How many groups of people has Pugh practised storytelling with? (No more than 5 words.)
　　4.Please explain the underlined phrase “rewrite the story” in English.(No more than 5 words.)
　　5.What statement from the passage inspire you to tell stories and why?( The reason should be answered within 25 words)
　　参考答案
　　1.Storytelling helps people understand themselves and others.
　　2.They find storytelling useful for both children and adults.
　　3.There are three.
　　4.Start a new life.
　　5.One possible answer: We are all storytellers. We all have our own experience of life, which can be shared with others, so we should live a meaningful life.
　　更多高考信息请访问：新浪高考频道 高考论坛 高考博客圈 高考贴吧
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

