高考新课改英语新题型解析：七选五阅读理解
　　本文选自《高考金刊》杂志的博客，点击查看博客原文。
　　新课改高考英语题与传统高考试题相比最大的变化最主要体现在新题型上。新题型在阅读理解试题上体现得最为明显，各地高考先后出现了七选五阅读理解、任务型阅读、任务型读写、阅读表达、阅读简答等不同的阅读试题模式。
　　一、七选五阅读理解
　　题型解读：在2009年高考英语试卷中多个地区采用“七选五”型阅读理解题，试题模式为：给出一篇缺少5个句子的文章，对应有七个选项，要求同学们根据文章结构、内容，选出正确的句子，填入相应的空白处。由于是给出了的选项，个别选项间区分度不大，试题的难度较常规阅读试题有所增加，而且会出现由于一处误选导致多处问题的后果。根据试题的特点，在实际做题过程中，同学们不妨采用“先看选项定位含义——再看正文仔细分析——最后把选项与正文对应确定答案”的模式。
　　例1 (2009年辽宁卷)根据短文内容， 从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项，选项中有两项为多余选项。
　　71                                     
　　Home can be a great place for children to study. It’s important to provide a workspace of their own where they can read books or just write a letter to their friends。
　　●Location(位置)
　　72                    Kitchen and dining room are not so well suited for regular study, since books and pens get in the way of the day-to-day uses of those areas. Set up a place where a child can settle in and leave papers and pens at band without having to clear everything away each night. For a child that likes being alone, set aside a corner of his bedroom, but keep it separate from things like games, music and other hobbies not related to studying。
　　●Keeping Things in Order
　　Parents should encourage their child to spread out, but to leave it neat and orderly when he isn’t using his workspace. Ownership is very important for self-respect  73 The workplace should be personal, but not another part of the playroom。
　　● 74                                         
　　Encourage the whole family to help build a supportive environment that children need for success in school. Give them a good example of how to deal with problems, how to manage time and get things done in the right way.  75    Study will be more enjoyable and effective when supported by the whole family。
　　A. Attitude Is Everything
　　B. Bring 　　Organization　　 into
　　Your Home
　　C. Here are several ways to choose a location
　　D. Building a Good Home Learning Environment
　　E. Hold a can-do attitude and your child will follow your example。
　　F. Setting up a space in a common area of your home can be a good idea for children。
　　G. A child who learns to organize his spare will carry organization into every corner of his life。
　　解析：本篇文章讲述的是在家庭里面同样要给孩子一个良好的学习环境。为孩子创建良好的条件，家长要采取积极的态度配合孩子学习。
　　答案：71. D  72. F  73. G 74. A  75. B

