北京2011年高考英语听力试题原文
　　点击此处在线收听北京2011年高考英语听力试题音频
　　1
　　W: Normally, we supply 3 colors only, black, blue and red。
　　M: But we really want green ones。
　　W: In that case, it will be more expensive。
　　2
　　M: Are you finished with the newspaper, Mary?
　　W: Almost. Here, you can take the news section. And the entertainmentsection is in the living room。
　　M: Oh, I just want to read the sports section。
　　3
　　M: I need a summer job that will give me some exercise。
　　W: How about being a life guard?
　　M: Life guards don’t swim that much. They usually just sit。
　　W: Well then, you could become a swimming coach, or a tour guide。
　　M: Tour guide is a good idea. I’d walk all day。
　　4
　　M: Are you going on holiday with your brother again this year?
　　W: Yes. He’s coming home from Canada tomorrow。
　　M: Where are you going?
　　W: I’ve already booked a hotel in Turkey, but my brother wanted to go toItaly, so I hope he doesn’t mind。
　　5
　　W: I thought it was a great movie. So visually exciting and the sharkslook really scary at times。
　　M: I hated to admit it, but it made me jump a bit of times too. I guessrecent advances in camera technology helped。
　　6-7
　　M: Hello, 6632278.
　　W: Hi, Jack. It’s me, Ann. I wasn’t at school today. Have we got anyhomework to do for tomorrow?
　　M: Let me see. Well, we got to do the math problems on page 40 in ourtextbook。
　　W: All right. I’ve got it。
　　M: Then, we have to go on with our reading for English. The historyteacher wants us to read the chapter on the History of London for tomorrow, andwrite down the most important dates and events in that chapter。
　　W: Anything else? Ah…music?
　　M: No, we haven’t any music homework, but the science teacher is givingus a test(微博) on Friday, so we have to study for that。
　　W: Oh no. I’m so bad at science. I hate it. Thanks, Jack。
　　M: Don’t mention it. See you tomorrow。
　　8-9
　　M: Still feeling ill?
　　W: Yes. That medicine hasn’t helped. Not a good start to our vacation,I’m afraid。
　　M: Do you have any idea what caused it?
　　W: Well, I thought it might be last night’s dinner。
　　M: But I’m fine. Could it be the heat? It’s enough to make anyone ill。
　　W: I know. But we’ve been here a week now. Anyway, I’ve been careful inthe sun and I’ve been drinking bottles of water。
　　M: Then we’d better stay in the hotel today。
　　10-12
　　M: Well, do you have anything planned for the Saturday?
　　W: Eh, I’m kind of busy. Why do you ask?
　　M: I was wondering if we could get together and do something, like goingto a concert or taking a walk by the lake。
　　W: I’d love to, but I’m really busy this weekend。
　　M: That’s too bad。
　　W: I have promised to help with the cleaning of the house at 10:30 in themorning. And then, I have an appointment with the dentist at 12:30pm。
　　M: How about after the dentist’s appointment?
　　W: Then, I have to meet Jim at 4:30pm to help him with the scienceproject due on Monday morning。
　　M: OK, then, maybe some other time。
　　13-15
　　Well, we are now looking at ways to make shoppingless tiring. You know, a day at the shops wears people out. And we considered anumber of ideas. Carrying shopping around is very tiring, and we looked at waysto avoid that. We thought of hiring out small electrically driven cars toshoppers, but we came up against problems of space. There just isn’t enoughroom. We also thought about those moving walk ways, like the ones you see atthe airports. We decided it against then though, because they require a majorredesign of the whole center. What we have actually come up with is a newtechnology where you but what you want and then just leave it on the shelf.That way, you don’t need to carry your heavy shopping around with you all day.When you want to go home, our computer system automatically sends everythingyou’ve bought to your exit point, and you pick it up there。
　　16-20
　　W: Good morning, Sir. Can you help me?
　　M: What’s wrong?
　　W: My daughter is missing. I can’t find her anywhere。
　　M: OK, calm down. I’m going to help you to find her. How long ago did shego missing?
　　W: About one hour ago. At 4 o’clock, perhaps. I’ve been looking for herfor almost an hour now。
　　M: And where did you last see her?
　　W: We were just shopping in the vegetable section. I turned around andshe was gone。
　　M: What’s her name?
　　W: Melissa. M-E-L-I-S-S-A. She’s only five. She doesn’t speak Spanish。
　　M: OK. What does she look like?
　　W: She has dark brown hair. She’s thin and small for her age。
　　M: OK. What is she wearing today?
　　W: Blue shorts and a pink T-shirt. She has a hat on too, I think。
　　M: Don’t worry. Everything is going to be OK。
　　W: What should I do?
　　M: Stay right at the front of the store in case she is looking for you.We will start looking for her now。
　　北京新东方优能中学教育 高考(微博)英语教研组 提供

