2008考研复试英语口语经典范文六大主题
　　自我介绍
　　(一)Good morning, my dear teachers, my dear professors. I am very glad to be here for your interview. my name is SongYonghao, I am 22 years old. I come from Luoyang, a very beautiful aicent city. my undergratuade period will be accomplished in Chang’an University in July, 2004. And now, I am trying my best for obtaining a key to Tongji University.
　　Generally speaking, I am a hard working student especially do the thing I am interested in. I will try my best to finish it no matter how difficult it is. When i was sophomore, I found web design very interesting, so I learned it very hard. To weaver a homepage for myself, I stayed with my pesonel computer for half a month, and I am the first one in my class who owns his homepage. Furthermore, I am a person with great perserverence. During the days preparing for the first examination, I insist on running every day, no matter what the weather was like. And just owning to this, I could concentrate on my study and succeeded in the end.
　　Well, in my spare time, I like basketball, tennis and chinese chess. Also english is my favorate. I often go to english corner to practise my oral english on every thursday, and write compositions to improve my witten ability. But I know my english is not good enough, I will continue studying.
　　Ok, that is all, thank you for your attention.
　　(二)Good morning, everyone! I am glad to be here for this interview. First, let me introduce myself to you. My name is Qin Jiayin. I was born on April 23, 1981. I am a local person. I am graduating from ××University this June. I major in Chinese literature. I hope I could get the opportunity to finish my postgraduate courses in Jilin University which I have desired for a long time. I have the confidence because I have such ability! I am a girl who is fervent, outgoing and creative. At the same time, I think I am quick in mind and careful in everything. I am looking forward to my postgraduate studies and life. I will soon prove that your decision of choosing me is the wisest. Thank you for giving me such a valuable opportunity!
　　(三)　Good morning. I am glad to be here for this interview. First let me introduce myself. My name is ××, 24. I come from ××, the capital of ××Province. I graduated from the ×××department of ××University in July, 2001. In the past two years I have been prepareing for the postgraduate examination while I have been teaching ××in NO.1 middle School and I was a head-teacher of a class in junior grade two. Now all my hard work has got a result since I have a chance to be interview by you .
　　I am open-minded, quick in thought and very fond of history. In my spare time, I have broad interests like many other youngers. I like reading books, especially those about ×××. Frequently I exchange with other people by making comments in the forum on line. In addition, during my college years, I was once a Net-bar technician. So, I have a comparative good command of network application. I am able to operate the computer well. I am skillful in searching for information in Internet.I am a football fan for years. Italian team is my favorite. Anyway, I feel great pity for our country’s team.
　　I always believe that one will easily lag behind unless he keeps on learning. Of course, if I am given a chance to study ×××in this famous University, I will stare no effort to master a good command of advance ×××.
　　(三)在职考研的自我介绍
　　Respected Professors,Good afternoon! I'm great honored to meet you here.Now allow me to give a brief self-introduction.
　　I'm ×××，26 years old , born in ××city ,HeNan Province.In year 1996,I entered ×××University, majoring in Machincal Designing and Producing. During those 4 years'study,I worked hard and I was always active in various activities. I gained the first scholarship for four times and I joined the Communist Party at the college.
　　After my graduation in June 2000,I worked in ××××company. I got a position in the Technology Department the first year and I was involved in several internet projects, such as the one for College student Recruitment in Henan Province andthe one for Computer Center in Mathmatics Department in Zhengzhou University. Owning to my hard work ,I was rewarded the Best Newcomer Prize in the year 2000. The next year, I was transferred into the Principal Customer Department, responsible for the Developing and strengthening a good relationship between the
　　principal customers and my company. Two major customers, Henan Provincipal Department of Transportation and Henan Provincial Department of Personnel, are under my work.
　　However,with time going on ,the more I experienced, the clearer I realized that I'm really interested in the Enterprise Management .I find many enterprises have the problem of an unmatched management to its developing speed . I'm eager to learn more about management and I hope I can study further in this University.
　　So I resigned in August , 2003 and started the way to pursuing my studies. After about half year's hard work, I'm finally standing before you honorable professors now. I'm really excited. Though I've sacrificed much on my way to
　　pusuing studies, I believe it's worthwhile. I believe working hard will finally be prepaied.
　　Thank you !
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

