考研名师王若平点评08考研英语作文并推荐范文
　　考研名师王若平点评2008考研英语作文(含大作文范文)
　　2008年的考研英语作文的题目可以用“波澜不惊”来形容，充分体现了命题者一贯稳重的风格。
　　图画作文中场景是：两个独腿的人在相互配合下前进。一眼就能看出它反映的主题是社会的一个时髦话题—“合作”，或者“团队精神”。要说去年图画作文的寓意设计得有一定难度，今年内涵是十分明确的，跑题的人应该是寥寥无几，完全控制在合理的范围内。今年图画作文给人的总体感觉是：主题鲜明，时代感强。
　　《“考试虫”八套模拟试卷》中第四(二)卷的作文题目是Cooperation. 现作为范文刊登出来，供大家参考：
　　范文：
　　Cooperation
　　If we want to complete our work effectively and efficiently in this busy, modern world, we must all learn to cooperate with others. As the cartoon shows, if we lose our partner, then we will fail as well.
　　This lesson in cooperation may seem rather simple, as most people are taught that they should cooperate when they are children in school. However, many people still make the mistake by the men in the picture: they believe others must fail for their own success. Supposing that a company leader assigns two workers to do a project together, and both of them impatiently are waiting for a promotion. The two believe they must beat their “enemy” to win the promotion. To achieve this they may do things to make their partner in unfavorable position, such as interrupting their work whenever they can. In the end, without realizing it, they have ruined their own project, too. So, for our common benefit, we ought to be cooperative. Additionally, cooperation can save us a lot of time and energy if each person handles the tasks that they do best.
　　It can be difficult to be cooperative with someone you dislike. In such a situation, just sit calmly and clear your mind for a minute. Focus on your work, instead of your partner. Perhaps in working together with him, you’ll learn that he is a really nice person. Even if this doesn’t happen, it’s still worth a try.
　　今年应用文考的是普通的道歉信，这是我在年底课堂上讲的九种常见书信中的一种。课堂上讲的是李明因弄丢了同学的书而道歉，考试中考的是李明回国不小心带走了房东Bob的音乐CD而道歉，此二者在写作方式和内容上大同小异。无论是应用《万能作文》里的常用道歉信模板，还是直接套用课堂讲义上的范文，都很容易写出今年试卷中的道歉信。
　　现列举道歉信常用套语，供同学们对照参考：(选自“考试虫”系列《万能作文》p56-57)
　　表示歉意的万能套语：
　　I am writing this letter to apologize to you for my failing to…
　　Here is my deepest apology for …
　　I would like to express my apologies for not being able to…
　　提出弥补措施的万能套语：
　　I am really sorry for the trouble. Would you mind if I …?
　　Would it be convenient for you…? 
　　请求原谅的套语：
　　Will you please accept my apology? I hope our relations can weather…
　　如果直接套用课堂讲义上的范文，则更方便：
　　Dear …，
　　I am terribly sorry to tell you that I have …
　　But I am afraid …They are connected with cherished associations which the new ones can never have. And for this … loss，I am to blame. I was so careless with my things. This is a warning to me to be more careful in the future. 
　　I'm sorry again for the inconvenience.
　　Yours truly，
　　Liming
　　这71个词可直接套用。
　　总之，今年作文的主题贴近生活，寓意容易把握，写作难度不大。如果大家方法得当，并做了相应准备，取得好的作文成绩并不难。虽然今年阅读考的略有难度，但和作文部分综合在一起，英语的平均分不会有太大波动。
　　考试虫 王若平 于北京 春节前 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

