考研英语名师王舰：四大原则攻克阅读理解
　　文都名师王舰解读：四大原则攻克考研英语阅读理解
　　文章解析范例
　　To paraphrase 18th-century statesman Edmund Burke, “all that is needed for the triumph of a misguided cause is that good people do nothing.” One such cause now seeks to end biomedical research because of the theory that animals have rights ruling out their use in research. Scientists need to respond forcefully to animal rights advocates, whose arguments are confusing the public and thereby threatening advances in health knowledge and care. Leaders of the animal rights movement target biomedical research because it depends on public funding, and few people understand the process of health care research. Hearing allegations of cruelty to animals in research settings, many are perplexed that anyone would deliberately harm an animal. 
　　For example, a grandmotherly woman staffing an animal rights booth at a recent street fair was distributing a brochure that encouraged readers not to use anything that comes from or is tested in animals---no meat, no fur, no medicines. Asked if she opposed immunizations, she wanted to know if vaccines come from animal research. When assured that they do, she replied,” Then I would have to say yes.” Asked what will happen when epidemics return, she said, “Don’t worry, scientists will find some way of using computers.” Such well-meaning people just don's understand. 
　　Scientists must communicate their message to the public in a compassionate, understandable way---in human term, not in the language of molecular biology. We need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement, a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations, and even a pet's shots. To those who are unaware that animal research was needed to produce these treatments, as well as new treatments and vaccines, animal research seems wasteful at best and cruel at worst. 
　　Much can be done. Scientists could “adopt” middle school classes and present their own research. They should be quick to respond to letters to the editor, lest animal rights misinformation go unchallenged and acquire a deceptive appearance of truth. Research institutions could be opened to tours, to show that laboratory animals receive humane care. Finally, because the ultimate stakeholders are patients, the health research community should actively recruit to its cause not only well-known personalities such as Stephen Cooper, who has made courageous statements about the value of animal research, but all who receive medical treatment. If good people do nothing there is a real possibility that an uninformed citizenry will extinguish the precious embers of medical progress. 
　　46. The author begins his article with Edmund Burke's words to_____. 
　　A. call on scientists to take some actions. 
　　B. criticize the misguided cause of animal rights. 
　　C. warn of the doom of biomedical research. 
　　D. show the triumph of the animal rights movement. 
　　47. Misled people tend to think that using an animal in research is_____. 
　　A. cruel but natural. 
　　B. inhuman and unacceptable. 
　　C. inevitable but vicious. 
　　D. pointless and wasteful. 
　　48. The example of the grandmotherly woman is used to show the public's_____. 
　　A. discontent with animal research. 
　　B. ignorance about medical science. 
　　C. indifference to epidemics. 
　　D. anxiety about animal rights. 
　　49. The author believes that, in face of the challenge from animal rights advocates, scientists should_____. 
　　A. communicate more with the public. 
　　B. employ hi-tech means in research. 
　　C. feel no shame for their cause. 
　　D. strive to develop new cures. 
　　50. From the text we learn that Stephen Cooper is_____. 
　　A. a well-known humanist. 
　　B. a medical practitioner. 
　　C. an enthusiast in animal rights. 
　　D. a supporter of animal research. 
　　解析：
　　步骤一， 中心统一原则
　　首段---主题句；其他段落---段落中间转折词所在句或段首句
　　首段： Hearing allegations of cruelty to animals in research settings, many are perplexed that anyone would deliberately harm an animal. 听说在实验场景中残忍的对待动物的宣传，许多人不禁感觉到迷惑，有人故意伤害动物。
　　其他段落：For example, a grandmotherly woman staffing an animal rights booth at a recent street fair was distributing a brochure that encouraged readers not to use anything that comes from or is tested in animals---no meat, no fur, no medicines.例如，一位祖母年龄状的老太太在最近的街边集市上摆了保护动物的摊子，向路人散发保护动物权利的小册子……
　　Scientists must communicate their message to the public in a compassionate, understandable way---in human term, not in the language of molecular biology.科学家必须与公众们沟通交流(以……的方式)。
　　Much can be done.很多事情能够被做。(能够采取措施)
　　总结：文章围绕着______主题展开。
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

