2009年考研英语翻译最新模拟题(五)
　　Text 9
　　Our world of the mid-1990s faces potentially bursting change. The question is in what direction will it take us?(46)Will the change come from worldwide initiatives that reverse the degradation of the planet and restore hope for the future, or will it come from continuing environmental deterioration that leads to economic decline and social instability?
　　There is no precedent for the rapid substantial change we need to make.(47)Building an environmentally sustainable future depends on restructuring the global economy, major shifts in human reproductive behavior, and dramatic changes in values and lifestyles. Doing all this quickly adds up to a revolution that is driven and defined by the need to restore the earth’s environmental systems. If this Environmental Revolution succeeds, it will rank with the Agricultural and Industrial Revolutions as one of the great economic and social transformations in human history.
　　Like the Agricultural Revolution, it will dramatically alter population trends.(48)While the former set the stage for enormous increases in human numbers, this revolution will succeed only if it stabilizes human population size, reestablishing a balance between people and natural system on which they depend. In contrast to the Industrial Revolution, which was based on a shift to fossil fuels, this new transformation will be based on a shift away from fossil fuels.
　　(49)The two earlier revolutions were driven by technological advances—the first by the discovery of farming and the second by the invention of the steam engine, which converted the energy in coal into mechanical power. The Environmental Revolution, while it will obviously need new technologies, will be driven primarily by the restructuring of the global economy so that it does not destroy its natural support system.
　　The pace of the Environmental Revolution needs to be far faster than that of its predecessors. The Agricultural Revolution began some 10,000 years ago, and the Industrial Revolution has been under way for about two centuries. But if the Environmental Revolution is to succeed, it must be compressed into a few decades. Progress in the Agricultural Revolution was measured almost exclusively in the growth in food output that eventually enabled farmers to produce a surplus that could feed city dwellers. Similarly, industrial progress was gained by success in expanding the output of raw materials and manufactured goods.(50)The Environmental Revolution will be judged by whether it can shift the world economy into an environmentally sustainable development path, one that leads to greater economic security, healthier lifestyles, and a worldwide improvement in the human condition.
　　参考译文
　　46. 这种变化会来自要彻底扭转地球贫困化趋势、恢复未来希望的全球性进取心呢，还是由环境的不断恶化导致经济衰退和社会动荡所引发？
　　47. 要缔造一个环境能持续支撑的未来，就必须调整世界经济，大力转变人类的繁衍行为，并根本改变价值观和生活方式。
　　48. 农业革命为人口的大量增长准备了条件，而环境革命要获得成功，只有稳定住人口的规模，重建人类与其赖以生存的自然世界之间的协调关系。
　　49. 前两次革命(即农业革命和工业革命)都是由技术的进步推动的：第一次是因为发现了农事，第二次是由于发明了蒸汽机，它能把煤里的能量转化成机械动力。
　　50. 评价环境革命的标准就是看它能否使世界经济转变到在环境上可持续发展的道路上，亦即使经济有更大保障、使生活方式更加健康、使全球人类生活状况普遍改善的发展道路。
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

