同等学力考研英语备考资料之阅读理解
　　Proper arrangement of classroom space is important to encouraging interaction.Most of us have noticed how important physical setting is to efficiency and comfort in our work.Today's corporation hire human engineering specialists and spend a considerable amount of time and money to make sure that the physical environments of buildings are fit to the activities of their inhabitants.
　　Similarly, college classroom space should be designed to encourage the activity of critical thinking.We are already in the twenty-first century，but step into almost any college classroom and you step back in time at least a hundred years.Desks are normally in straight rows, so students can clearly see the teacher but not all their classmates.This assumption behind such an arrangement is obvious：Everything of importance comes from the teacher.
　　With a little imagination and effort，unless desks are fixed to the floor，the teacher can correct this situation and create space that encourages interchange among students.In small or standardized classes，chairs，desks，and tables can be arranged in a variety of ways：circles，U-shapes，or semicircles.The primary goal should be for everyone to be able to see everyone else.Larger classes，particular those held in lecture halls，unfortunately，allow much less flexibility.
　　Arrangement of the classroom should also make it easy to divide students into small groups for discussion or problem-solving exercises.Small classes with movable desks and tables present no problem.Even in large lecture halls，it is possible for students to turn around and form group of four to six.Breaking a class into small groups provides more opportunities for students to interact with each other，think out loud，and see how other students’ thinking processes operate--all essential elements in developing new modes of critical thinking.
　　In courses that regularly use a small group format，students might be asked to stay in the same small groups throughout the course.A colleague of mine allows students to move around during the first two weeks，until they find a group they are comfortable with.He then asks them to stay in the same seat，with the same group，from that time on.This not only creates a comfortable setting for interaction but helps him learn students’ names and faces. 
　　1. According to the passage，proper arrangement of physical environment in a company _______.
　　A. can improve working conditions
　　B. leads to an friendly atmosphere
　　C. can promote working efficiency
　　D. produce an energetic team leader
　　2. Desks in straight rows in a traditional classroom imply _______.
　　A. the importance of facial expressions
　　B. group work is not welcome in class
　　C. strict rules that must be abided by
　　D. the absolute authority of teachers
　　3. The most important goal of classroom arrangement is to _______.
　　A. create more chances of interaction among students
　　B. increase more speaking practices among students
　　C. make it possible for teachers to judge how well students have learned
　　D. improve the relationship between students and teachers
　　4. By dividing students into small groups，teachers _______.
　　A. find it easier to handle the in-class teaching
　　B. can participate in group work conveniently
　　C. help develop students’ abilities in critical thinking
　　D. reinforce students’ ability in cooperation and communication
　　5. It can be inferred that the author _______.
　　A. criticizes the importance of teachers in class
　　B. stresses the importance of interaction among students
　　C. is reluctant to teach in a classroom in the 21st century
　　D. is eager to reform the desk arrangements in his college
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

