考研英语名师墨东博独家考前作文押题
　　万学海文名师墨东博独家考前作文押题
　　写实派
　　1
　　As is illustrated/depicted /conveyed/revealed/betrayed/shown in the picture, (图的内容 原则上用一个主从句表达, 功底.两句合一句的途经,1 AND连结2 WHICH或WHEREAS 连结3 非谓语 )the two pet neighbors greet each other politely and amicably ,whereas (=WHILE/ON THE OTHER HAND)the two pets’ owners seem to ignore each other. Simple as it is, the drawing renders us pondering awefully. (凑字数,其富余时,可省去)Accordingly, what this far-reaching/thought-provoking picture depicts reflects a common phenomenon in today’s society:(反映的现实) pets, rather than/instead of people around them, are such an indispensable part in their daily life to the point where (加以讲解) they are excessively/inordinately(负面词汇,作者的态度尽在不言中,回避使用 I BELIVE,I THINK 之类的句式) fond of their beloved animals while neglecting those who care them, which has aroused great concern and should be given enough consideration. It goes without saying that its symbolic meaning that (主题句,尽量避免使用1 主系表 2 THERE BE结构 主张使用下列句型,1 NOTHING+BE+ADJ+THAN+TO+DO 2 ON NO ACCOUNT CAN WE 3 IT IS TIME +S +V-ED 4 IT 无主句) indifference should be cleared up among people, with the harmonious society echoed vigorously nowadays in China ought to be weighed /taken/pondered seriously./earnestly/conscientiously
　　Why do we lay emphasis on this(指代词表过渡) several points(名词复数,总分总的标志) analyzed below might equip us with the deeper understanding of what we are heading for. For one thing,(分述标志词) since we have to live on an on-the-move lifestyle , we are denied chances to share our feelings with our friends and relatives. For another (分述标志词), with so many dishonesties going around in our life and then indifference occurring, we might have no choice but to enjoy the company of pets. And above all(分述标志词), too many tragedies - seeing someone in mortal danger without lifting a finger to save him- put on the stage in our daily life almost everyday, No better illustration of this idea touched on above can be maintained/taken/weighed than the case as listed below,( 例证)a crowd of people remained appallingly nonchalance(=indifference,论据是论点的具体体现,主题核心词汇重复) to the plea of a mother, since she failed to offer the required amount of cash as a price to save her drowning son, the woman at last watched her son sink to death.. Consequently/Accordingly/On balance/Therefore/It follows that, no issue in china is as basic to build up the society in harmony as ironing out indifference among people.(此句为小节,1 与TS首尾呼应,重复原则grow out of=clear up 2 为第三段起势)
　　Judging from what has been argued above, people have come to realize the harms of indifference has been , like Pandora’s box, the crippling force of establishing the harmony society. It is , therefore, necessary that some effective steps be made to(点主题 重复原则) narrow and bridge the gap among people. To begin with,(以法治国) the government should make law to establish the society in which people live in harmony. In addition,(以德治国) people should enhance the awareness of concern and care each other especially. Only by undergoing these measures, can we make our society, where people ,even not knowing each other, help among them ,appeal to everyone. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

