沪江新东方：09年考研英语大作文范文
　　上海新东方名师：汪海涛
　　一. 很多人在上网 
　　二. 网络的普及是拉近了人们的距离还是使人们越来越疏远?
　　The past decade has witnessed an increasingly inseparable relationship between man and Internet. As is vividly depicted in the picture, within a stretching spider web many people are surfing on line, either to entertain themselves or to meet the work's needs. Actually on-line visiting has become a routine activity in our everyday life. However, it seems rather ironic to present people separated from each other by the spider web when they attempt to communicate. 
　　The metaphoric and impressive portrayal has subtly revealed the duality of the relationship between man and Internet. The spider web undoubtedly serves as a symbol of Internet, both connecting people and isolating them from each other. On the one hand, there is no denying that Internet is currently one of the most efficient media used for interpersonal communication. As a college student, I get on line everyday to discuss news with other people on BBS, to study English by registering for web courses, to chat freely through e-mails with my friends. Being a veteran on-line shopper, I frequently bargain with sellers to purchase books at much lower prices. But on the other hand, a good many people admit that they are too much addicted to Internet to maintain face-to-face contact with their friends and colleagues. Cyber-living resembles the experience of seeing disguised people behind a mask, maintaining distance between one another. Once indulged in the fictitious world, people feel reluctant to approach others and to concentrate on real life. That's why some people have lost the skill of direct contact and get alienated from others.
　　Therefore, it is necessary for us to use Internet in a reasonable way and restrain from addiction. After all, Internet is invented to connect you and me, and to bring conveniences to our life rather than set a barrier to keep people beyond reach. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

