09年考研翻译试题来源答案和简单分析(新东方)
　　09年考研翻译试题来源、答案和简单分析
　　北京新东方学校 唐静
　　该试题来源是：典型的学术论说型文体，原文讨论的是The Place of Formal Education.(正规教育的地位)，试题的具体来源是John Dewey的专著Democracy and Education(麦克米兰公司1916年出版)。09年考研翻译试题截取了这本书第一章的部分内容，并做了修改，我把原文和09年试题专家改动后的部分一一对比在下面文章中。
　　There is, accordingly, a marked difference between the education which every one gets from living with others, as long as he really lives instead of just continuing to subsist, and the deliberate educating of the young. In the former case the education is incidental; it is natural and important, but it is not the express reason of the association. While it may be said, without exaggeration, that the measure of the worth of any social institution, economic, domestic, political, legal, religious, is its effect in enlarging and improving experience; yet this effect is not a part of its original motive, which is limited and more immediately practical.(命题专家把这个句子改写为：It may be said that the measure of the worth of any social institution is its effect in enlarging and improving experience, but this effect is not a part of its original motive)可以说，要衡量任何社会制度价值，就要看它对扩大和改进经验方面的影响，但是这种影响并不是其原来动机的一部分。 Religious associations began, for example, in the desire to secure the favor of overruling powers and to ward off evil influences; family life in the desire to gratify appetites and secure family perpetuity; systematic labor, for the most part, because of enslavement to others, etc. Only gradually was the by-product of the institution, its effect upon the quality and extent of conscious life, noted, and only more gradually still was this effect considered as a directive factor in the conduct of the institution.(命题专家改为：Only gradually was the by-product of the institution noted. and only more gradually still was this effect considered as a directive factor in the conduct of the institution。)这种制度的副产品(附带产生的影响)只有逐步得到认识；而在实施这种制度的过程中，认识到这种效果具有直接作用的时间则更加缓慢。Even today, in our industrial life, apart from certain values of industriousness and thrift, the intellectual and emotional reaction of the forms of human association under which the world's work is carried on receives little attention as compared with physical output.
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

