2009年考研英语试题参考答案(万学海文)
　　Section I Use of English
　　1—5 BADBC 6—10 ADCBD
　　11—15 DBCDA 16—20 CBAAC
　　Section II Reading Comprehension
　　Part A
　　21—25 ABCAA 26—30 ACDAB
　　31—35 DBBAC 36—40 BBDAC
　　Part B
　　41—45 CEABG
　　Part C
　　46. 可以说，任何社会制度的价值在于它对扩大和改进经验方面的影响，但是这种影响并不是它原来的动机的一部分。
　　47. 一种制度的副产品，只是逐步被注意到的，而这种效果被视为实施这种制度的一个指导性因素更加缓慢得多。
　　48. 在和他们接触的时候，虽然容易忽略我们的行动对他们的倾向的影响，但是也不像与成年人打交道那么简单。
　　49. 既然我们的主要任务在于使年轻人参与共同生活，我们禁不住考虑我们是否在形成获得这种能力的力量。
　　50. 因此，我们可以在上面所考虑的广阔的教育过程之内区别出一种比较正规的教育，即直接的教导或学校教育。
　　Section Ⅲ Writing
　　Part A
　　51. 应用文参考范文
　　Dear editor，
　　I am writing this letter to advise you of the pressing situation we are facing now. As we know, being accustomed to using plastic bags in our daily life, some of us still take the “white pollution” for granted. Plastic bags have become the indispensible part of our life, and the “white pollution” now is a ubiquitous phenomenon, which greatly worsens our environment.
　　To save the situation from further aggravating, I would like to suggest that: firstly, our government should make a set of laws to punish the groups and individuals who are still polluting the environment; secondly, new technologies should be used to produce degradable and renewable materials; thirdly, the local media can make full use of its own influence to intensify the publicity in order to enhance people’s awareness of environment protection.
　　I hope that my suggestions are helpful. Thank you for your attention!
　　Part B
　　52. 短文写作参考范文
　　In the drawing, what first appears in front of us is a huge spider web, to which innumerable people are attached, like the catch of the owner of the web. What is more ironic is they are imprisoned in respective cabins, choosing contacting on line rather than communicating face to face.
　　There is no doubt that the Internet provides us with considerable convenience. However, it drives too many individuals to be addicted to the fictional experience, and hence forget the traditional and most efficient communication method. Indifference has become a not uncommon phenomenon in the modern world. The following reasons may contribute to the phenomenon. To begin with, people in mounting numbers, who are vividly called netters, indulge in on-line activities, because science and technology develop too fast for people to adapt to them. The Internet, in particular, moving forward at an unimaginable speed, provides people with a convenient tool of getting in touch with others, which lacks weighing its correctness. Moreover, the fierce competition also plays a role of forcing people to fear the situation, which results in people’s habit of wallowing in the unreal world.
　　Hence, it is high time that we highlighted the imperative of face-to-face communication between people. The joint efforts of the specialists, the netters and the educators are needed to cultivate the whole society with the essentiality. Only in this way can we expect a healthy development of the relationship among individuals. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

