2006年同等学力英语真题试卷二及参考答案
　　Part I Translation (30 minutes, 20 points, 10 for each section)
　　Section A
　　Directions: Translate the following passage into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　One of the chief concerns of wildlife management is the protection and improvement of the nature habitat so that animals have enough food and water to survive. Wildlife management involves care of the soil to produce good vegetation; it also involves care of plants, not only as a source of food, but also as protection. Animals need cover to hide from their natural enemies and to raise their young safely.
　　Just as crops are harvested wildlife too must sometimes be “harvested”. By allowing limited hunting, good management can control certain species that threaten to overpopulate their habitat.
　　Section B
　　Directions: Translate the following passage into English. Write your translation on the ANSWER SHEET.
　　随着社会的发展，人类对水的需求不断增加，但可以供人类使用的水资源却急剧减少。水资源危机所带来的生态系统恶化等问题严重威胁着人类的生存。
　　如何更有效利用水资源，推进水资源的可持续开发和保护，已经成为世界各国共同面对的紧迫问题。
　　Part II Writing (30 minutes, 15 points)
　　Directions: In this part you are to write a composition of no less than 150 words about “College Graduates Work as Village Officials”. You should write according to the outline given below.
　　Some college graduates choose to work as village officials:
　　1.Do you think it is a good idea?
　　2.What can they offer the countryside?
　　3.What can they gain from their village positions?
　　参考答案：
　　Paper Two 
　　Part I Translation
　　Section A
　　野生动物管理部门首要关心的事就是保护和改善野生动物自然栖息地以使动物们有足够的食物和水来生存。野生动物管理部门专注于保护土壤，培育出良好的植被，还专注于保护植物。植物不仅能作为野生动物的食物来源，还能作为它们的保护者。动物需要用植物来掩护自己以躲避天敌和安全地抚育自己的孩子。
　　就像收获庄稼一样，野生动物有时候也必须被“收获”，通过允许有限的捕猎，好的管理部门能控制某些物种，使它们不至因过度繁殖而威胁到栖息地。
　　Section B
　　With the development of the society, man’s demand for water has been constantly increasing, but the water resource available for human is sharply decreasing. The deterioration of ecosystem brought about by the water crisis threatens human’s existence seriously.
　　How to make use of the water resource effectively and promote the sustained development and protection of water resource has become an urgent problem which should be faced together by all the countries in the world.
　　Part II Writing 
　　College Graduates Work as Village Officials
　　With the development of the society and the constant increase of job-hunting pressure, many people find it hard to find a job, especially the college graduates. Most of them just want to work in the big and developed cities, such as Shenzhen, Shanghai, etc. But the situation has changed. Some college graduates prefer to work as village officials in the rural areas. I think it is a good idea.
　　First, it not only can ease the job-hunting pressure in the big cities, but also can make the college graduates have more job chances. Second, the college graduates can bring the advanced science and technology to the lagging rural areas. For example, they can teach the villagers how to feed the pigs effectively and plant the fruits and vegetables scientifically, which can help the villagers live a wealthy life in a short time. Third, the college graduates can exercise themselves in the poor living condition. They can know much more about Chinese farmers, and they may have a better and larger platform to display their talents and abilities.
　　In a word, I am in favor of this idea, and I wish I could be a village official after graduation. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

