考研英语复试英语自我介绍的经典模板
　　考研英语复试口语中大多数学校都会设置自我介绍这一项，马上就要进入复试的同学这时候一定要做一下英语口语的准备。而自我介绍这一项大家如果事先准备好则在临场时就会自然、流利的多。万学海文英语教研室提供典型模板给大家，以供参考：
　　自我介绍：Personal statement(introduction)
　　Good morning, my dear teachers, my dear professors. I am very glad to be here for your interview. My name is song yong hao, i am 22 years old .I come from Luoyang, a very beautiful aicent city. My undergratuade  period will be accomplished in chang' an university in July ,2009;and now, I am trying my best for obtaining a key to Tong ji university。
　　Generally speaking ,I am a hard working student especially do the thing I am interested in. I will try my best to finish it no matter how difficult it is. When I was sophomore, I found web design very interesting, so I learned it very hard. To weaver a homepage for myself, I stayed with my personal computer for half a month, and I am the first one in my class who own his homepage. Forther more,I am a person with great perserverence. During the days preparing for the first examination, I insist on running every day, no matter what the weather was like. And just owning to this, I could concentrate on my study and succeeded in the end。
　　Well ,in my spare time ,I like basketball, tennis and chinese chess. Also english is my favorate. I often go to English  corner to practise my oral English on every thursday, and write compositions to improve my witten ability .But I know my english is not good enough ,I will continue studying。
　　Ok, that is all, thank you for your attention。
　　我的家乡：My hometown------luoyang
　　I am from luoyang, a beautiful city in henan province. It is famous as the "capital of nine dynasties " and enjoy the honer that luoyang peony is the best in the world。
　　Luoyang played a very important role in Chinese history. So it has a profound cultural background and many great heritagesites have been well reverved. Such as longmen grotto, one of the three grottoes in china and white horse temple, being regarded as the cradle of chinese buddhism。
　　Luoyang peony is world-famous. Every year, many tourists travel to luoyang to see the beauty of peony .The people in my hometown are friendly, they welcome the travellers from all over the world。
　　I like my hometown very much。
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

