09年同等学力申硕英语阅读突破训练三
　　Passage five(Meditation in Indonesian Business)
　　It looked like a typical business meeting. Six men, neatly dressed in white shirts and ties filed into the boardroom of a small Jakarta company and sat down at a long table. But instead of consulting files or hearing reports, they closed their eyes and began to meditate, consulting the spirits of ancient Javanese kings. Mysticism touches almost every aspect of life in Indonesia and business is no exception. One of the meditators said his weekly meditation sessions are aimed mainly at bringing the peace of mind that makes for good decision-making. But the insight gained from mystic communication with spirits of wise kings has also helped boost the profits of his five companies。
　　Mysticism and profits have come together since the 13th century introduction of Islam to Indonesia by Indian Moslem merchants. Those devout traders, called ‘Wali Ullah’ or ‘those close to God, ’ energetically spread both trade and religion by adapting their appeals to the native mysticism of Java. Legends attribute magic power of foreknowledge to the Wali Ullah. These powers were believed to be gained through meditation and fasting。
　　Businessman Hadisiko said his group fasts and meditates all night every Thursday to become closer to God and to contact the spirits of the great men of the past. ‘If we want to employ someone at the managerial level, we meditate together and often the message comes that this man can’t hole onto money or he is untrustworthy. Or maybe the spirits will tell us he should be hired.’  Hadiziko hastened to add that his companies also hold modern personnel management systems and that formal qualifications are essential for a candidate even to be considered. Perspective investments also are considered through mystic meditation. ‘With the mind relaxed and open, it is easier to be objective in judging the risk of a new venture. Meditation and contact with the wisdom of the old leaders sharpens your own insight and intuition. Then you have to apply that intuition to the information you have and work hard to be successful. ’ Mystic meditation helped reverse a business slide his companies experienced in the mid-1980. Operating with normal business procedures, he lost more than $ 3 millions in that year alone. Meditation brought back his peace of mind. Putting the right persons in the right jobs and gaining confidence in his business decisions were the keys to a turning around that has brought expansion and profitability. The mysticism in Handspike’s boardroom is part of a growing movement in Indonesia called Kebatinan ? the ‘search for the inner self.’
　　One of his managers, Yusuf Soemado, who studied business administration at Harvard University, compared the idea of mystic management to western system of positive thinking. ‘Willpower and subconscious mind are recognized as important factors in business. Such approaches as psycho-cybernetics, Carnegie’s think and growth rates, or the power of positive thinking are western attempts to tap the same higher intelligence that we contact through meditation,’ he said。
　　1.       What is the most important factor in their doing business?
　　[A] Mysticism。
　　[B] Religion。
　　[C] Meditation。
　　[D] Investment。
　　2.       Whom do they consult?
　　[A] The spirits of ancient Javanese kings。
　　[B] Wali Ullah。
　　[C] Old Kings。
　　[D] Carnegie。
　　3.       Why did Hadisike hasten to add ‘his companies also hold modern personnel management systems…’?
　　[A] He thought Mysticism was not so good as expected。
　　[B] To show they too focused on qualifications。
　　[C] To show they hired qualified persons。
　　[D] To show the possibility of combination of the scientific management with religion。
　　4.       According to the passage, the function of the meditation is
　　[A] to gain profit from the god。
　　[B] to gain peace of mind to make decision。
　　[C] to gain foreknowledge。
　　[D] to gain objective conclusion。
　　5.       What does ‘operating with normal business procedures’ refer to?
　　[A] Adopting the western way of doing business。
　　[B] Ordinary way of doing business without meditation and fasting。
　　[C] Contact with God。
　　[D] Putting right persons in the right jobs。
　　Vocabulary
　　1.       file into             鱼贯而入，排队进去
　　2.       Jakarta             雅加达
　　3.       meditate           沉思，冥想，反省
　　4.       Java                 爪哇
　　5.       Javanese           爪哇的
　　6.       mysticism         神秘主义
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

