备战考研复试英语口试：了解流程提前准备
　　考研复试英语口试一般分为三大部分，总用时大概15分钟左右的时间。在这短短的十几分钟时间内要如何赢取老师的青睐，获得口试的高分，大家首先要明白口试包括的大致内容——
　　1、自己准备一个introduction，要求脱稿说大约3分钟的时间。这个大家在现在这个阶段就可以着手准备一下。
　　2、念一篇短文，是到考试场地以后临时抽题，大约有3分钟的时间提前先看一遍，难度一般不大。
　　3、抽题---回答问题。要先念一遍问题，然后回答，全程录音。一般有A、B、C、D、E五个分值。
　　这里，万学海文给大家的建议就是：大家应该先把自己的introduction提前准备好，在真正林场的时候就可以脱口而出，如果做到时分流利那自然是会提高你的分值。还有就是看一看，抽到什么问题怎么回答！
　　下面给大家一个introduction给大家参考一下： 
　　模板一：
　　Good morning/afternoon,my dear teachers: 
　　my name is CC,xxx years old,I graduated from XX University in 2009.I also have an English name.My English name is Stell,that means a star.I take stell as my English name because my Chinese nickname is BeiBei which means star in Chinese. 
　　I have many hobbies,I like music、chinese chess、sports、and I like English very much I improve my oral and listening ability by listen English songs and watch English movies.I passed CET6 this year.But I do think my English is not good enough,so I will do my best to study English。
　　Thank you for your attention!
　　这是一个简单的复试introduction，大家在套用的时候可以适当的加一些自己觉得不错的内容，如果introduction实在难以写得较长，可以在复试的时候念慢一点！这样就可以保证时间了，而且建议一定要自己写，这样自己说出来比较自然，关键是pronunciation!相信每一个口语老师都是最注重这一点的！
　　模板二：
　　Good morning:
　　My name is XX, you can also call me Eason,I has such an english name just because the pronunciation of it is like my chinese name. I graduated from this university last year(如果你是考本校的，这一句很重要，一开场就表明自己的身份，我们考的时候，老师拿到的名单只有名字，没有资料，他又不认识你，于是你必须自己说明)， and major in computer science, I liked computer very much, especially in multimedia technology, and wanted to make some achievement in this field, but when I finished my school, I realized that what I had learned was not enough for this target, I thought it would be great if I can continue my interest in that, so that was why I choose to further my study with a master degree。
　　Well, in my spare time, I like soccer, pop music, and stamp, being a soccer fan, I always show my love to Manchester United and Ryan Giggs is my favorite. I also like English very much, and had passed Band six this year, but I do think it’s still a long way to study it, so I wouldn’t give up my English studying, and improve my oral and listening ability。
　　So that’s all, thank you. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

