名师丁雪明：2010年考研基础词汇备考札记
　　丁雪明
　　世界上顶尖级的建筑师杰作体现的载体是我们看得见，摸得着的一砖一瓦;同样，我们备考考研英语则要掌握必要的词汇！100分的考研英语试卷对我们的词汇要求是很高的，所以我们在这个冬季去一起感知其基础词汇的魅力！
　　一、阅读中常见的基础词汇
　　工作生活类文章
　　Passage 1
　　工作生活类议论文。主要阐述了注重细节、做好小事，对最后的成功的重要性。
　　Attention to detail is something everyone can and should do especially in a tight job market. Bob Crossley, a human-resources expert notices this in the job applications that come across his desk every day. “It’s amazing how many candidates eliminate themselves,” he says。
　　“Resumes (简历) arrive with stains. Some candidates don’t bother to spell the company’s name correctly. Once I see a mistake, I eliminate the candidate, “Crossley concludes。” If they cannot take care of these details, why should we trust them with a job?”
　　Can we pay too much attention to details? Absolutely. Perfectionists struggle over little things at the cost of something larger they work toward. “To keep from losing the forest for the trees,” says Charles Garfield, associate professor at the University of California, San Francisco, “we must constantly ask ourselves how the details we are working on fit into the larger picture. If they don’t, we should drop them and move to something else。”
　　Garfield compares this process to his work as a computer scientist at NASA. “The Apollo II moon launch was slightly off-course 90 percent of the time,” says Garfield. “But a successful landing was still likely because we knew the exact coordinates of our goal. This allowed us to make adjustments as necessary。” Knowing where we want to go helps us judge the importance of every take we undertake。
　　Too often we believe what accounts for others’ success is some special secret or a lucky break (机遇). But rarely is success so mysterious. Again and again, we see that by doing little things within our grasp well, large rewards follow。
　　核心词汇
　　1.       candidate n. 候选人
　　【搭配】 a candidate for ……的候选人
　　2.       eliminate v. 消灭，去除
　　【巧记】 eliminator n. 排除者
　　【搭配】 eliminate…from…把……从……中排除出
　　3.       strain n. 压力
　　4.       struggle vi. 挣扎，努力，奋斗n. 挣扎，战斗，斗争
　　【搭配】 struggle against (with) 和……斗争‖struggle for 为……而斗争
　　5.       compare v. 比较
　　【巧记】 comparison n. 比较，对照
　　【搭配】 beyond comparison 无比的‖by comparison 比较起来
　　6.       process n. 过程
　　【搭配】 in process 在进行中‖in (the) process of 在……过程中
　　7.       coordinate a. 同等的，并列的v. (使)成为同等，使协调
　　8.       adjustment n. 调节
　　【搭配】 adjust to 使调整
　　9.       secret n. 秘密
　　【搭配】 in secret 秘密地
　　10.    reward n. 回报
　　【巧记】 rewarding a. 报答的，有得益的‖rewardless a. 徒弟的
　　核心词组
　　take care of 照顾               pay attention to 对……给予注意
　　at the cost of 以……为代价      keep form doing sth. 远离……，不做……
　　make adjustment (s) 作调整      account for 说明，解释
　　(总字数：288；单词：255；中文：33)
　　Passage 2
　　工作生活类议论文。主题是成为一个真正的作家的艰辛与不易。
　　Many a young person tells me he wants to be a writer. I always encourage such people, but I also explain that there’s big difference between “being a writer” and writing. In most cases these individuals are dreaming of wealth and fame, not the long hours alone at a typewriter. “You’ve got to want to write,” I say to them, “not want to be a writer。”
　　The reality is that writing is a lonely, private and poor-paying affair. For every writer kissed by fortune there are thousands more whose longing is never rewarded. When I left a 20-year career in the U. S. Coast Guard to become a freelance writer (自由撰稿者)， I had no prospects at all. What I did have was a friend who found me my room in a New York apartment building. It didn’t even matter that it was cold and had no bathroom. I immediately bought a used manual typewriter and felt like a genuine writer。
　　After a year or so, however, I still hadn’t gotten a break and began to doubt myself. It was so hard to sell a story that barely made enough to eat. But I knew I wanted to write. I had dreamed about it for years. I wasn’t going to be one of those people who die wondering. What if? I would keep putting my dream to the test-even though it meant living with uncertainty and fear of failure. This is the Shadowland of hope, and anyone with a dream must learn to live there。
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

