名师指导：考研英语之摘要题型写作
　　摘要题型写作是难度非常大的一种写作形式。随着考生英语水平的不断提高，这种题型引起考生的普遍重视。
　　1)摘要题型写作要点
　　① 动笔之前，考生一定要认真仔细地阅读所给原文，弄懂原文大意，掌握原文要点；
　　② 摘要的长度一般是原文的四分之一或五分之一，考试时应遵守规定的字数限制；
　　③ 在做摘要时考生切忌照搬原文；
　　④ 摘要应与原文的观点保持一致，并且仍按原文的逻辑顺序排列；
　　⑤ 重点反映主要观点，删除细节；
　　⑥ 简化从句，用简短的语句代替冗长的语句；
　　⑦ 检查与修改时，考生应重点检查是否遗漏了原文的要点或包含了细节。
　　2)摘要题型写作实例
　　① 试题题目
　　Directions:
　　Study the following essay carefully and write a summary in about 80 words。
　　We continue to share with our remotest ancestors the most tangled and evasive
　　attitudes about death, despite the great distance we have come in understanding some
　　of the profound aspects of biology. We have as much distaste for talking about personal death as for thinking about it; it is an indelicacy, like talking in mixed company about venereal disease or abortion in the old days. Death on a grand scale does not bother us in the same special way: we can sit around a dinner table and discuss war, involving 60 billion volatilised human deaths, as though we were talking about bad weather; we can watch abrupt bloody death every day, in color, on films and television, without blinking back a tear. It is when the numbers of dead are very small, and very close, that we begin to think in scurrying circles. At the very center of the problem is the naked cold deadness of one’s own self, the only reality in nature of which we can have absolute certainty, and it is unmentionable, unthinkable. We may be even less willing to face the issue at first hand than our predecessors because of a secret new hope that maybe it will go away. We like to think, hiding the thought, that with all the marvellous ways in which we seem now to lead nature around by the nose, perhaps we can avoid the central problem if we just become, next year, say, a bit smarter. (246 words)
　　② 原文要点
　　(1) Continue to have the most confused ideas of death like predecessors
　　(2) Avoid talking about death
　　(3) Talk about death when millions of people die
　　(4) Become confused and anxious when each time the dead people are very few and the death rates are almost equal
　　(5) People’s fearfulness
　　(6) Seem to control nature
　　(7) Avoid death
　　参考摘要People dislike talking about death because they just like their predecessors still have the vaguest ideas of the issue. They talk about death only when million upon millions of people are killed in war. When they find only very few people die each time and the death rates are almost equal, they become very anxious, thinking that next time they themselves will meet their doom. Therefore, they fear very much. However, they have a hope that when they control nature, they can avoid death. (84 words)
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

