名师剖析考研英语长难句之被动语态
　　1。变为汉语的主动形式
　　e.g. In his attitude can be found seeds for art in the 20th century: the art of the primitive, of symbol, and of imagination。
　　e.g. It leads the discussion to extremes at the outset：it invites you to think that animals should be tested either with the consideration humans extend to other humans, or with no consideration at all。
　　e.g. On the whole such a conclusion can be drawn with a certain degree of confidence, but only if the child can be assumed to have had the same attitude towards the test as the other with whom he is being compared, and only if he was not punished by lack of relevant information which they possessed。
　　e.g. In general, the tests work most effectively when the qualities to be measured can be most precisely defined and least effectively when what is to be measured or predicted can not be well defined。
　　2。被动结构的表语化，可译为：“是…的”， “由…的”等。
　　e.g. The movement to oppose racial discrimination was personally initiated and led by a famous Negro leader。
　　e.g. This picture was taken by my brother as he went to Yunnan。
　　3。译成具有被动意义的汉语结构。
　　e.g. For all the help this computer may provide, it should not be seen as a substitute for fundamental thinking and reasoning skills。
　　e.g. It should be made clear to entire citizens that whoever enjoys rights must undertake corresponding obligations。
　　e.g. Those who support the “nature” side of the conflict believe that our personalities and behavior patterns are largely determined by biological factors。
　　e.g. How well the predictions will be validated by later performance depends upon the amount, reliability, and appropriateness of the information used and on the skill and wisdom with which it is interpreted。
　　4。增添“人们”、“大家”等适当的词做汉语译文的主语。
　　e.g. With the new technique, measurement was claimed to be much more precise。
　　e.g. And it is imagined by many that the operations of the common mind can be by no means compared with these processes, and that they have to be acquired by a sort of special training。
　　e.g. During this transfer, traditional historical methods were augmented by additional methodologies designed to interpret the new forms of evidence in the historical study。
    更多信息请访问：新浪考研频道 考研论坛 考研博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

