考研英语泛读材料推荐：《爱丽丝漫游奇境记》
　　《爱丽丝漫游奇境记》(Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)是一部被公认为世界儿童文学经典的童话，由于其中丰富的想象力和种种隐喻，不但深受儿童欢迎，也被视为一部严肃的文学作品。作者刘易斯·卡罗尔还写有续集《爱丽丝镜中奇遇记》。故事讲述了一个叫爱丽丝的小女孩，在梦中追逐一只兔子而掉进了兔子洞，开始了漫长而惊险的旅行，直到最后与扑克牌王后、国王发生顶撞，急得大叫一声，才大梦醒来。这部童话以神奇的幻想，风趣的幽默，昂然的诗情，突破了西欧传统儿童文学道德说教的刻板公式，此后被翻译成多种文字，走遍了全世界。
　　All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling with the other players, and shouting `Off with his head!' or `Off with her head!' Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and under sentence of execution。
　　Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, `Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'
　　`No,' said Alice. `I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.'
　　`It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen。
　　`I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice。
　　`Come on, then,' said the Queen, `and he shall tell you his history,'
　　As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice, to the company generally, `You are all pardoned.' `Come, THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the number of executions the Queen had ordered。
　　They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture。) `Up, lazy thing!' said the Queen, `and take this young lady to see the Mock Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some executions I have ordered'; and she walked off, leaving Alice alone with the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited。
　　The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till she was out of sight: then it chuckled. `What fun!' said the Gryphon, half to itself, half to Alice。
　　`What IS the fun?' said Alice。
　　`Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon. `It's all her fancy, that: they never executes nobody, you know. Come on!'
　　`Everybody says "come on!" here,' thought Alice, as she went slowly after it: `I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!'

