考研英语：书信作文及常用词组示例
　　一、投诉信
　　【示例一】
　　Dear           ,
　　①I am           (自我介绍). ②I feel bad to trouble you but I am afraid that I have to make a complaint about。
　　③The reason for my dissatisfaction is       (总体介绍). ④In the first place,      (抱怨的第一个方面). ⑤In addition,        (抱怨的第二个方面). ⑥Under these circumstances, I find it         (感觉) to         (抱怨的方面给你带来的后果)。
　　⑦I appreciate it very much if you could        (提出建议和请求)， preferably      (进一步的要求)， and I would like to have this matter settled by       (设定解决事情最后期限). ⑧Thank you for your consideration and I will be looking forward to your reply。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　【示例二】
　　Dear     ,
　　①I am       (写信人身份). ②I venture to write you a letter about       (抱怨内容)。
　　③The focus of the complaint is        (抱怨内容的核心). ④For one thing,        (抱怨内容的一个方面). ⑤For another,        (抱怨内容的另一方面). ⑥ Honestly speaking,   (客观的评论). ⑦But           (抱怨产生的原因)。
　　⑧All in all, there is still much room for improvement. ⑨Before I take any further action, I do hope             (表达本人的愿望). ⑩Thank you for your time and kind consideration。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　【示例三】
　　To Whom It May Concern，
　　①I am writing to complain about the poor service of your             I received when。
　　②The causes for my dissatisfaction lie upon three points as follows: 1)           (抱怨内容的一个方面)； 2)           (抱怨内容的另一方面)； 3)              (抱怨内容的第三个方面). ③Under these circumstances, I find it difficult to         (客观的评论)。
　　④I am sure that you are able to thoroughly understand my discontent, which you are bound to replace with a satisfactory solution. ⑤I would be grateful if you could          (表达本人的愿望)as soon as possible。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　二、求职信
　　【示例一】
　　Dear Sir or Madam,
　　①I write this letter to apply for the position that you have advertised in          (报纸名称)of                (广告发布时间)。
　　②Not only do I have the qualifications for this job, but I also have the right personality for
　　a      (工作名称). ③In the one hand,           (第一个原因). ④On the other
　　hand,              (另一个原因)。
　　⑤Should you grant me a personal interview, I would be most grateful. ⑥If you need to know more about me, please feel free to contact me at any time at          (电话号码)。
　　⑦Thank you for considering my application, and I am looking forward to meeting you。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　【示例二】
　　Dear           ,
　　①I am applying for the position of             (想申请的职务) advertised in. ②I majored in              (专业). ③My training in             (接受过的培训) definitely meets your qualifications. ④My complete resume is attached。
　　⑤I will graduate on       (毕业时间)from       (毕业院校). ⑥In addition to the required courses of my major, I have          (除专业外，选修的课程). ⑦I also have some experience in         (曾有过的社会工作经验). ⑧You will find me to be         (请对方对自己有信心)。
　　⑨May I have a personal interview at your convenience? ⑩I can be reached by telephone。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　【示例三】
　　Dear          ，
　　①I learned from my university BBS that there is a vacancy for       (职位名称)， a position which I am very interested in。
　　②I am a senior student from          (毕业院校)University, majoring in      (专业). ③Under the influence of the courses I have taken, I develop a special interest in      (兴趣). ④Moreover, I have attained a fair knowledge and experience in this field due to my internship at       (经历与经验). ⑤It seems to me that all these have prepared me ideally for the role ofin such a company as yours       (强调自己可以胜任)。
　　⑥For further information please refer to my attached resume. ⑦I should be pleased to attend for an interview at your convenience。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　三、建议信 至 十、祝贺信 (略)
　　附录
　　一、议论文常见话题经典句型
　　1. When asked about…, most people say… But many other people regard…as… I personally think…
　　当被问及对……有什么看法时，大多数人认为……但是，还有很多人认为……我个人认为……
　　2. When it comes to…, some people think that… Others argue that the opposite is true. There is probably some truth to both arguments, but…
　　涉及……这一问题，有的人认为应该……另一些人持相反意见。也许双方的观点都有一定道理，但是……
　　3. It is widely acknowledged that…contributed to… Experts argue that China must introduce… But I doubt whether…alone will solve the problem。
　　人们普遍认为……专家认为中国必须推行……但我对仅仅……就能解决问题表示怀疑。
　　4. An increasing number of people are joining… In reaction to the phenomenon, some say… But do they realize that…can also lead to…
　　越来越多的人……进入了……针对这一现象，一些人认为……但是，他们有没有意识到……也能导致……
　　5. One of the pressing problem facing our nation (China) today is…and…
　　我们国家(中国)如今面临的紧迫问题之一是……
　　6. Perhaps the most dangerous phenomenon gripping the nation today is…
　　也许当今困扰国家的最危险的现象是……
　　7. Never before in history has the issue of…been more evident than now。
　　历史上，……的问题从来没有比现在更加突出。
　　8. Perhaps it is time to reexamine the idea that…
　　也许现在是应该重新考虑……的时候了。
　　9. A growing number of people are beginning to realize that…is not the sole prerequisite for happiness。
　　越来越多的人开始意识到……并不是幸福的唯一条件。
　　10. Years of observing human behavior has enabled me to conclude that the major difference between…and…lies solely with…
　　对人们行为的多年观察使我能够得出这样的结论：……和……的主要区别仅仅在于……
　　11. There has been undesirable trend in recent years towards… A recent survey showed that…percent of respondents ranked…as their top priority, compared to…percent only a few years ago. Why do people fail to realize that…?
　　近年来出现了对社会有害的……倾向。最近的一项调查表明，……的调查对象把……作为他们的首选，相比之下，就在几年前，只有……的人这样想。为什么人们没能意识到……不一定带来幸福呢？
　　12. I recently read a newspaper article on… The deplorable problem of…has aroused public concern nationwide。
　　最近，我在报纸上读到一篇关于……的文章。……的问题令人深感遗憾，它已经引起了全国公众的关注。
　　13. Judging from the reams of evidence presented, we can safely conclude that…
　　根据现有的大量证据，我们可以有把握地得出这样的结论：……
　　14.Along with the development of…, more and more…
　　随着……的发展，越来越多……
　　15.In the past few years, there has been a sharp growth/boom/decline in…
　　在过去几年内，……有显著增长/激增/明显滑坡……
　　16.The ample evidence presented enables us to reasonably conclude that…
　　提出的充分证据使我们能够合理地得出这样的结论：……
　　17.While the rhythm/pace/tempo of people’s living is speeding up, a lot of changes have taken place in…
　　人民生活节奏加快的同时，……也发生了很多变化。
　　18.With the fantastic spur both in industry and its economy in China, the number of…is on the rise
　　随着中国工业经济的迅猛发展，……的数目不断上升。
　　19.It is commonly believed that the rise in…is the inevitable result of economic development。
　　人们普遍认为，……的增长是经济发展的必然结果。
　　20.In recent years, China has experienced an alarming increase in…
　　最近几年来，中国……有了惊人的增长。
　　21-100略
　　二、写作常用词分类总结
　　1.国民经济、对外经济贸易常用词汇(略)
　　2.“神舟五号”载人飞船相关词汇(略)
　　3.科普方面的词汇(略)
　　4.社会、文化与教育等方面的词汇
　　社会／文化／历史背景background
　　在一定的历史条件下in a given historical context
　　在这种特定条件下under such circumstances
　　价值观values
　　根深蒂固的观念deep-rooted notion
　　生活节奏pace of life
　　个人成就personal fulfillment
　　爱国主义patriotism
　　责任感sense of responsibility
　　竞争意识sense of competition
　　自然灾害natural disaster
　　职业教育vocational education
　　继续教育further education
　　学前教育pre-school education
　　高等教育education of higher learning／higher education
　　人口众多large in population
　　人口密度population density
　　教育投入input in education
　　岗位培训undergo job-specific training
　　普及教育universal education
　　义务教育compulsory education/free education
　　初等教育elementary education
　　职业道德professional ethics
　　高等学校institution of higher education
　　综合性大学comprehensive university
　　文科大学university of liberal arts
　　理工科大学college／university of science and engineering
　　师范大学normal university
　　工业大学polytechnic university
　　农业大学agricultural university
　　医科大学medical university
　　重点学校key school
　　业余学校spare-time school
　　职业学校vocational school
　　重点学科key disciplinary areas; priority fields of study
　　希望工程Project Hope
　　学龄儿童school-age
　　人才枯竭exhaustion of human resources
　　辍/失学青少年school dropout/leaver
　　服务性行业service trade
　　在职培训on-the-job／in-service training
　　学分制the credit system
　　包分配guarantee job assignments
　　学术报告会，专题讨论会symposium
　　记者招待会press conference
　　国家教育经费national expenditure education
　　财政拨款financial allocation
　　专任教师full-time teacher
　　教育方针guideline(s)／guiding principle(s)for education
　　德才兼备to combine ability with character
　　自学成才to become educated through independent study
　　启发式elicitation method(of teaching)
　　填鸭式教学法cramming method of teaching
　　附中attached middle school
　　进修班class for advanced studies
　　专修科special(training)course
　　自学考试self?taught examination
　　教职员teaching and administrative staff
　　教学人员the faculty; teaching staff
　　中、小学校长headmaster/headmistress; principal
　　大专院校校长president; chancellor
　　副主任vice?chairman
　　教授professor
　　副教授associate professor
　　专职教师full?time teacher
　　兼职教师part?time teacher
　　辅导员assistant for political and ideological work
　　校友alumnus; alumna
　　学生会students’ union／association
　　高年级学生pupil/student in senior grades
　　低年级学生lower grade pupil/student；pupil/student in junior grades
　　走读生day student；non?resident student
　　住宿生boarder
　　旁听生auditor; guest student
　　研究生graduate student；post-graduate(student)
　　应届毕业生graduating student／pupil; this year’s graduates
　　课程course; curriculum
　　必修课required／compulsory course
　　选修课elective／optional course
　　基础课basic course
　　专业课 specialized course
　　课程表 school timetable
　　教学大纲teaching program；syllabus
　　教学内容content of courses
　　学习年限period of schooling
　　学历record of formal schooling
　　学年school／academic year
　　学期(school)term; semester
　　学分credit
　　分数mark; grade
　　五分制the 5-grade marking system
　　百分制100-mark system
　　学习成绩academic record; school record
　　成绩单school report; report card；transcript
　　毕业论文thesis; dissertation
　　毕业实习graduation field work
　　毕业设计graduation project
　　毕业典礼graduation ceremony; commencement
　　毕业证书diploma; graduation certificate
　　毕业鉴定graduation appraisal
　　授予某人学位to confer a degree on somebody
　　升级to be promoted to a higher grade
　　留级to repeat the year’s work; to stay down
　　补考make-up examination
　　升学to go to a school of a higher grade；to enter a higher school
　　升学率proportion of students entering schools of a higher grade
　　奖学金scholarship
　　(国家)助学金(state)stipend／subsidy
　　领取助学金的学生a grant-aided student
　　伙食费board expenses
　　伙食补助food allowance
　　爱国主义教育education in patriotism
　　国际主义教育education in internationalism
　　集体主义教育education in collectivism
　　共产主义教育education in communism
　　共产主义道德品质communist ethics
　　政治思想教育political and ideological education
　　教书育人to educate the person as well as impart book knowledge
　　培养学生自学能力to foster the students’ ability to study on their own
　　发挥学生主动性、创造性to give scope to the students’ initiative and creativeness
　　书法calligraphy
　　挑灯夜战burn the mid-night oil
　　进修课optional courses
　　扩招to expand their enrollment
　　蓝领阶层blue-collar workers
　　高考college entrance examination
　　免试入学制open admissions
　　托儿所nursery school
　　激发灵感spark inspiration
　　小学primary／elementary school
　　中学secondary school
　　初中junior high school
　　高中senior high school
　　附中attached middle school
　　技校technical school
　　理工学院，科技大学polytechnic institute
　　重点中学key school
　　研究生院graduate school
　　文理学院school of Arts and Sciences
　　开放大学open university
　　私立学校private school
　　公立学院public school
　　教育工作者(总称)teaching staff
　　教育家educationist／educator
　　大学校长president
　　校长headmaster(女性为headmistress)
　　副校长deputy headmaster／deputy head
　　学校分院长，系主任dean
　　中学校长principal
　　专家expert
　　顾问consultant
　　讲师lecturer
　　导师adviser／mentor
　　辅导老师counselor
　　实验员laboratory assistant／lab assistant
　　私人老师，家庭教师private tutor
　　学士Bachelor
　　硕士Master
　　哲学博士Doctor of Philosophy
　　博士学位doctorate
　　普及教育universal education
　　校友(男／女)alumnus/alumna
　　本科undergraduate
　　母校Alma Mater
　　教学设施teaching facilities
　　助学金assistantship
　　食宿room and board
　　礼堂auditorium
　　学习年限period of schooling
　　学分制credit system
　　分数mark/score/grade
　　课程表schedule(school timetable)
　　个别指导individual coaching(tutorial)
　　英语晚会English evening
　　课外活动extra-curricular activities
　　社会调查social investigation
　　毕业典礼graduation ceremony
　　毕业证书diploma (graduation certificate)
　　校纪school discipline
　　出勤率attendance／participation
　　开除expel sb. from school
　　学费tuition fee
　　杂费miscellaneous expenses
　　讲义夹lecture portfolio
　　半学年semester
　　学位degree
　　专科证书associate diploma
　　课程安排course arrangement
　　助教teaching assistant
　　人才市场the talent market
　　人才库a talent bank
　　待岗await job assignment
　　人才储备reserve of talents
　　带薪假a paid leave
　　人才交流talents exchange
　　自谋生路be self-employed
　　人事调动personnel transfer
　　人力开发manpower development
　　猎头公司a hunter company
　　事业单位public institutions
　　评职称a professional evaluation
　　跳槽job-hopping
　　毕业论文project／thesis
　　毕业评估graduation appraisal
　　考研热the craze for graduate school study
　　现代思潮modern school of thought
　　复合型人才interdisciplinary talents
　　跨世纪人才cross-century talents
　　精神食粮intellectual food
　　胸怀抱负entertain great ambitions
　　保护知识产权protect intellectual property
　　待开发区development area
　　发展中的世界the developing world
　　培养独立分析问题和解决问题的能力
　　to cultivate the ability to analyze and solve concrete problems independently
　　教育要面向现代化，面向世界，面向未来。
　　Gear education to the needs of modernization, the world and the future。
　　5.网络方面的词汇(略)

