2010年MBA一月联考英语二模拟试卷(一)
　　                 2010年全国硕士研究生入学统一考试英语二
　                              模拟试卷一
　　PartⅠClose test
　　Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each numbered blank, there are 4 choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the best one and mark your answer on the ANSWER SHEET with a single line through the center. (10points)
　　An important factor of leadership is attraction. This does not mean attractiveness in the ordinary sense, for that is a born quality 1 our control. The leader has, nevertheless, to be a magnet; a central figure towards whom people are  2 .Magnetism in that sense depends, first of all,  3  being seen. There is a type of authority which can be  4  from behind closed doors, but that is not leadership.  5  there is movement and action, the true leaders is in the forefront and may seem, indeed, to be everywhere at once. He has to become a legend; the  6  for anecdotes, whether true or  7 ; character. One of the simplest devices is to be absent  8  the occasion when the leader might be  9  to be there, enough in itself to start a rumor about the vital business  10 has detained him. To  11 up for this, he can appeal when least expected, giving rise to another story about the interest he can display  12 things which other folks might  13 as trivial. With this gift for  14 curiosity the leader always combines a reluctance to talk about himself. His interest is  15  in other people he questions them and encourages them to talk and then remembers all  16 is relevant. He never leaves a party  17 he has mentally field a minimum dossier(档案) on  18 present， ensuring that he knows  19 to say when he meets them again. He is not artificially extrovert but he would usually rather listen  20 talk. Others realize gradually that his importance needs no proof。
　　1. A. in            B. beyond             C. under            D. of
　　2. A. united         B. dragged            C. drawn            D. hauled
　　3. A. at            B. in                  C. about            D. on
　　4. A. looked        B. recognized           C. exercised         D. respected
　　5. A. Where        B. Though             C. Because          D. When
　　6. A. minor role     B. subject            C. joke           D. supplement
　　7. A. incorrect      B. wrong             C. false             D. bad
　　8. A. in            B. on                  C. at              D. under
　　9. A. refused       B. suspected             C. expelled         D. expected
　　10. A. which       B. when                 C. what            D. where
　　11. A. take         B. make                C. come            D. give
　　12. A. on          B. in                   C. about           D. at
　　13. A. look        B. think                 C. view           D. deal
　　14. A. decreasing   B. possessing            C. inspiring         D. urging
　　15. A. directly      B. obscurely            C. scarcely          D. plainly
　　16. A. which       B. that                 C. what            D. one
　　17. A. after        B. when                C. until            D. before
　　18. A. someone     B. everyone             C. men           D. one
　　19. A. when        B. where               C. which          D. what
　　20. A. and         B. or                   C. than            D. but
　　PartⅡReading Comprehension
　　SectionA
　　Directions: There are 4 passages in this part .Each of the passages is followed by 5 questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are 4 choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the best one and mark your answer on the ANSWER SHEET。(40points)
　　Passage One
　　As any homemaker who has tried to keep order at the dinner table knows, there is far more to a family meal than food. Sociologist Michael Lewis has been studying 50 families to find out just how much more。
　　Lewis and his co-workers carried out their study by videotaping the families while they ate ordinary meals in their own homes. They found that parents with small families talk actively with each other and their children. But as the number of children gets larger, conversation gives way to the parents’ efforts to control the loud noise they make. That can have an important effect on the children. “In general the more question-asking the parents do, the higher the children’s IQ scores,” Lewis says. “And the more children there are, the less question-asking there is. ”
　　The study also provides an explanation for why middle children often seem to have a harder time in life than their siblings. Lewis found that in families with three or four children, dinner conversation is likely to center on the oldest child, who has the most to talk about, and the youngest, who needs the most attention. “Middle children are invisible,” says Lewis. “When you see someone get up from the table and walk around during dinner, chances are that it’s the middle child. ” There is, however, one thing that stops all conversation and prevents anyone from having attention: “When the TV is on,” Lewis says, “dinner is a non-event. ”
　　21. The writer’s purpose in writing the text is to 。
　　A. show the relationship between parents and children
　　B. teach parents ways to keep order at the dinner table
　　C. report on the findings of a study
　　D. give information about family problems
　　22. Parents with large families ask fewer questions at dinner because 。
　　A. they are busy serving food to their children
　　B. they are busy keeping order at the dinner table
　　C. they have to pay more attention to younger children
　　D. they are tired out having prepared food for the whole family
　　23. By saying “Middle children are invisible” in paragraph 3, Lewis means that middle children 。
　　A. have to help their parents to serve dinner
　　B. get the least attention from the family
　　C. are often kept away from the dinner table
　　D. find it hard to keep up with other children
　　24. Lewis’ research provides an answer to the question 。
　　A. why TV is important in family life
　　B. why parents should keep good order
　　C. why children in small families seem to be quieter
　　D. why middle children seem to have more difficulties in life
　　25. Which of the following statements would the writer agree to?
　　A. It is important to have the right food for children。
　　B. It is a good idea to have the TV on during dinner。
　　C. Parents should talk to each of their children frequently。
　　D. Elder children should help the younger ones at dinner
　　Passage Two
　　Taiwan police cannot decide whether to treat it as an extremely clever act of stealing or an even cleverer cheat (诈骗). Either way, it could be the perfect crime (犯罪)， because the criminals are birds-horning pigeons!
　　The crime begins with a telephone message to the owner of a stolen car: if you want the car back, pay up then. The car owner is directed to a park, told where to find a bird cage and how to attach money to the neck of the pigeon inside. Carrying the money in a tiny bag, the pigeon flies off。
　　There have been at least four such pigeon pick-ups in Changwa. What at first seemed like the work of a clever stay-at-home car thief, however, may in fact be the work of an even lazier and more inventive criminal mind-one that avoids (避免)not only collecting money but going out to steal the car in the first place. Police officer Chen says that the criminal probably has played a double trick: he gets money for things he cannot possibly return. Instead of stealing cars, he lets someone else do it and then waits for the car-owner to place an ad (启事) in the newspaper asking for help。
　　The theory is supported by the fact that, so far, none of the stolen cars have been returned. Also, the amount of money demanded-under 3,000 Taiwanese dollars-seems too little for a car worth many times more。
　　Demands for pigeon-delivered money stopped as soon as the press reported the story. And even if they start again, Chen holds little hope of catching the criminal. “We have more important things to do,” he said。
　　26. After the car owner received a phone call, he 。
　　A. went to a certain pigeon and put some money in the bag it carried
　　B. gave the money to the thief and had his car back in a park
　　C. sent some money to the thief by mail
　　D. told the press about it
　　27. The “lazier and more inventive” criminal refers to 。
　　A. the car thief who stays at home
　　B. one of those who put the ads in the paper
　　C. one of the policemen in Changwa
　　D. the owner of the pigeons

