经典教程：考研英语作文结尾段落写作指导
　　考研写作的结尾段是考研中最重要也最容易出彩的段落。文章的结尾段落一定要与主体段落的分论点，特别是首段的立证句相吻合，加深读者对文章中心思想的把握，增加文章的说服力。结尾段落最好不要只写一句话，这会让考官觉得生硬，文章衔接不自然。汉语文章中的结尾倾向于使用感情诉诸的手法以激起读者的感情，这种模式对中国考生的影响很大，很多文章都以喊口号结尾。为了避免中文模式的结尾，在结尾段落，我们可以采取以下几种方法：
　　1、重述中心思想
　　Topic 1: Some people say that computer can translate languages, so children need not study foreign languages any more. Please state your position。
　　Sample:
　　首段：Some students are thinking of giving up studying foreign languages as modern machines can do the job of translation. However, I think it is wrong to drop studying foreign languages, as machines cannot do perfectly, especially in translation, which is a sophisticated process and needs so many skills。
　　结尾段：To sum up, translation machines help us in some way but it doesn’t mean that we can quit studying foreign languages because language study can give us much more than the language itself。
　　Topic 2: Intelligent machines such as robots are widely applied to take the place of human beings. Please discuss the advantages and disadvantages。
　　Sample:
　　首段：The technology of intelligent machines improves amazingly with the help of artificial intelligence. Robots, known as steel-collar workers, are widely employed in different aspects, such as marine research, space exploration and some modern assembly lines. Robots bring about advantages undoubtedly, but meanwhile, they are not so versatile as expected that they will replace human beings。
　　结尾段：In short, robots are subsidiary to human beings. However competent they are in various kinds of field, robots will never take the place of human beings and play a decisive role in our work and life。
　　2、得出结论
　　Topic 1: Should old man live with young people together, or should they live in the clubs for old men? Please discuss。
　　Sample: To sum up, I think the appearance of old-man clubs is a good thing for old people. It provides the old people with a better environment. But old-man clubs are not a paradise definitely, which is a compromise to family intimation。
　　Topic 2: The development of science and technology benefit our life. However, scientists cannot find effective solutions to the problems they created. To what degree do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
　　Sample: In conclusion, confronted with these problems, scientists are seeking prompt and feasible solutions. The development of science and technology bring about both positive and negative effects to us. We must eliminate the positive effects to the least extent。
　　Topic 3: Sports encourage competition rather than cooperation. Therefore, sports should not be encouraged at school. To what extent do you agree or disagree with the statement?
　　Sample: To sum up, competition does not result in hatred between rivalries as expected. On the contrary, it plays a very active role in the building-up of friendship and the relationship between the people from different races, religions, cultures and political backgrounds. Personally, I advocate the encouragement of sports at school because sports benefit students both physically and psychologically。
　　3、提出措施或者对未来的展望
　　Topic 1: Traditional arts civilized a nation. Do you think government should subsidize musicians, artists, actors or drama companies？ What should a government do？
　　Sample: It is high time we took effective measures. Firstly, the government should lay a fund for the research and promotion of traditional arts. Moreover, the research institutes and universities should work out a long-term developing scheme, organizing systematic research on traditional arts. Arts belong to a nation and the whole world as well. The prosperity of traditional arts will diversify the culture of the world。
　　Topic 2: What are the purposes of places such as museums and how should they be funded？
　　Sample: With a view to giving people updated information and rendering them a more detailed overview, many countries invest a great deal of money in the foundation of museums, because museums disseminate human knowledge and culture, which are more significant for the development of the young generation. Besides, entrepreneurs and individuals should also lay a fund for the improvement and rebuild of museums. The prosperity of human culture is not only the responsibility of the government, but also the responsibility of every individual and organization。
　　提供一些常用句型给大家参考以扩展思路：
　　1.It is only if...that we will.。。
　　例句：It is only if all sides of society take their roles fully that we will achieve the society we want。
　　2.As long as..., …is bound to.。。
　　例句：As long as we persist in spreading scientific knowledge among the masses, all the superstitions are bound to go out of our life。
　　3.For anyone who...there is every reason to.。。
　　例句：For any government that devotes itself to nourishing honesty among its officials, there is every reason to bid an eternal farewell to corruption。
　　4.In short, once … is on the way to..., the chance of making it will come to one’s advantage。
　　例句：In short, once our country is on the way to clearing corrupt dealings out of the Party, the chance of making it will come to the people's advantage。
　　5.The quotations “.。。” may be sensible advice on how to.。。
　　例句：The old saying “Laziness in youth spells regret in old age” may be sensible advice on how to cherish the years of youth。
　　6.Worst of all, … have effected the most unfavorable change in.。。
　　例句：Worst of all, the official corruption has effected the most unfavorable change in the people's attitude towards the government。
　　7.As the destructive effect on..., … have been rooted in …
　　例句：As the destructive effect on our nation, his heretical ideas have been rooted in many people's minds。
　　8. As an unexpected result of..., more and more people have come to…
　　例句：As an unexpected result of the patriotic education, more and more people have come to regain/restore their sense of justice。
　　9.To one's greatest astonishment, ... have affected...to the point of.。。
　　例句：To our greatest astonishment, the corruption has affected the society to the point of threatening its political stability。
　　10.The most obvious result … produced is.。。
　　例句：The most obvious result the economic reforms have produced is the way the people live and think。
　　11.11) With a steady improvement in ..., something will still .。。
　　例句：With a steady improvement in its administration, the new-born thing will flourish on Chinese soil。
　　12.In a long run, ... is believed to.。。
　　例句：In a long run, the practice of birth control is believed to do a great benefit to the future of China。
　　13.In spite of the fact that..., something will ... in our consistent efforts。
　　例句：In spite of the fact that there is no hope of attaining the final goal at once, this reform will be spreading far and wide in our consistent efforts。
　　14.In a word, there is every chance that … in time to come. 
　　例句：In one word, there is every chance that this wise move in economic construction will acquire a broader significance in time to come。
　　15.Those who...will have to.。。
　　例句：Those who have a strong bias against the Chinese nation will have to treat her with increased respect。
　　                                                新东方考研英语名师 YANA

