高分速成：考研英语作文超经典实用套句
　　一、小作文
　　在考研英语小作文写作中，除了保持一般的议论文风格，还需要在三段中穿插信函相关的套句模板，来适应书信文体的要求。
　　下面就帮大家整理了一些小作文最常用的经典套句，希望大家在考场上能够信手拈来，发挥作用。
　　1.  一般开头句型
　　I’m writing to…  开门见山的开头模式
　　I’m writing to inform you that… (通知类型)
　　I’m writing to seek your assistance in … (请求类型)
　　I’m writing in response to your advertisement in … (回应类型)
　　I’m writing to express my views on … (建议类型)
　　I’m writing to apply for the scholarship that your department offers to students from other countries. (申请类型)
　　I’m writing to see if it is possible for you to provide me with information regarding… (咨询类型)
　　I’m writing to express my disappointment/ dissatisfaction about… (投诉类型)
　　2.  感谢类句型
　　thank-gratitude-grateful-appreciate 的多种变体
　　I’m most grateful to you for your…
　　I’m writing this letter to express my sincere gratitude for…
　　I would like to convey in this letter my heartfelt thanks for…
　　I feel greatly indebted to you for…
　　I’m writing to tell you how greatly I appreciate all you have done for me…
　　But for your kind assistance, I would have …
　　I must thank you again for your generous help。
　　Please accept my deepest gratitude。
　　3.  道歉类句型
　　sorry-apologize-apology的多种变体
　　I feel really sorry to you for…
　　I must apologize to you for…
　　I would like to express my deepest apology / regret for not being able to …
　　Had I …, I would have…。
　　Please accept my sincere apology for…
　　I want you to know how badly I feel about…
　　4.  一般结尾句型
　　Any favorable consideration of my application will be highly appreciated. (申请/求职)
　　We should be very pleased if you could honor us with your presence. (邀请函)
　　Best wishes for your greater success in your career. (祝愿)
　　Thank you for your patience and concern in reading this letter. I hope this does not cause you too much inconvenience. I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience。(套话组合)
　　虽然信函的套用句型还有很多的变化，但上面选取的这些句子在考试中都是非常实用的，无论什么样的话题，开头结尾加上表示感谢和道歉的礼貌客气话总是必不可少的。
　　二、大作文
　　经过对各类考研作文的分析和挖掘，我们发现，在200词以下的短作文中，三段设置是一个比较合理的格局。特别是提纲三点出现的内容和规律，我们可以发现一共出现过十种常见的段落。这些功能段落通过组合，可以形成多种多样的考法。由于考研写作相对来说比较模式化，因此段落的出现也很有规律。可以看出以下的情况：
　　第一段： 话题引出段 / 图画图表描述段
　　第二段： 观点列举段 / 利弊分析段 / 举例论证段 / 原因列举段 /意义阐释段
　　第三段： 归纳结论段 /  未来趋势段 / 建议措施段
　　任何一次考试，只要在以上段落中进行三段组合，就可以进行一种命题。把握住了这种规律，考生就可以解剖大作文。把任何大作文看作三个部分的组合，如果有了各部分组合的固定精彩语言，就可以以不变应万变。以下列举出十大功能段落的精彩句型，供大家背诵使用。
　　1)话题引出段
　　Nowadays, there is a growing concern over the issue of ……
　　People in growing numbers are directing their attention to ……
　　With the development of ……, the problem of …has become increasingly serious。
　　When it comes to ……, people’s notions may vary from one to another。
　　Recently, a heated discussion has sprung up as to ……
　　Traditional virtue/value has it that……, yet people are……currently。
　　2)图画图表描述段
　　As is vividly shown in the picture,……
　　It is clearly depicted in the picture that……
　　This picture depicts a thought-provoking scene of ……
　　According to the figures given in the chart,…。。
　　The chart above provides a series of essential figures, illustrating the changes taking place in a time span of …years。
　　3) 观点对比段
　　Opposite voices are now rising in the debate. Some people firmly believe that……. On the contrary, quite a few people argue that……
　　The controversial issue has aroused opposite opinions. One focuses on …….. ;the other opinion revolves around……
　　4)利弊列举段
　　Every coin has two sides, and this issue is no exception. Above all, …In addition…More importantly… However, the negative influence it renders should not be neglected. ..not only …but also
　　Is this phenomenon a blessing or a curse.? The following list of advantages and disadvantages can explain everything。
　　5)举例论证段
　　For instance;
　　Take…for an example;
　　A case in point is……
　　The following illustrations can serve as strong evidence of the phenomenon。
　　6)原因列举段
　　Why should this phenomenon take place? There are generally three factors accounting for it。
　　Having taken everything into consideration, we may attribute the sharp change to three aspects。
　　7)意义阐释段
　　The purpose of the picture is to show us that due attention has to be paid to…。
　　The fact/phenomenon that…indicates that … …
　　Having scrutinized the details of the picture, we can discuss the implications subtly conveyed from it。
　　8)归纳结论段
　　In conclusion,
　　In my opinion,
　　As far as I am concerned,
　　Taking into account all the analyses above, we may confidently come to the conclusion that……
　　9)预测趋势段
　　There is no denying that ……will continue increasing/decreasing in the better/worse direction。
　　Undoubtedly, the tendency reflected from the chart will undergo a continuous increase/decrease in the near future。
　　10)建议措施段
　　Therefore, it is imperative that we should take some drastic measures。
　　As far as I am concerned, two effective measures must be immediately taken to pull through the crisis。
　　As a result, it is advisable to settle the problem by two means。
　　把握住了以上所列举的一些精彩句型，就可以达到任由提纲组合，句型同步组合的目的。只要作文中具备了高分句型，其它部分随机应变或即兴发挥，都可以保障作文的语言水准是在高分级别。希望同学们利用好框架，在考试中游刃有余地展开，取得高分。    
　　本文选沈昂的新浪博客，点击查看原文。 

