冲刺指导：考研英语小作文必背范文
　　在前一篇文章中，英语老师为大家提供了小作文申请信的写作模版，相信同学们对小作文申请信已经有了概念性的理解。今天，我们为同学们提供求职信和求学信两篇范文，希望同学们从中深化概念，深入了解申请信的写作。
　　范文1：求职信
　　Applying for the Position of Assistant for Marketing Project Manager
　　Directions:
　　You are a senior of English for Business. A German company in China is recruiting an assistant to marketing project manager, which requires a good command of English and knowledge in German especially. Write a letter of about 100 words applying for the position, introducing yourself and asking for an interview. You needn’t write the address. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter, using “Wang Lin” instead。
　　Dear Sirs,
　　I am graduating from the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade this summer. As a student of English for Business, I hope to work for a foreign company after graduation。
　　In the past three academic years, I have proved myself to be a straight student, awarded a succession of scholarships. My English is particularly good and German happens to be my second foreign language, which will live up to the requirements set by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise like yours。
　　I apply for the position of assistant to your marketing project manager. You will find me a good team player, self-motivated and eager to learn. I believe I can be of value to your company。
　　Enclosed please find my resume。
　　I should be very happy if you would arrange an interview with me。
　                                                  　Yours sincerely,
　                                                         　Wang Lin
　　范文2：求学信
　　Dear Professor Smith,
　　I am writing to apply for admission to your university for further studies in the field of Physical Chemistry leading to a Ph.D. degree. I would also like to apply for a position as a teaching assistant. Would you please send me the necessary information and forms?
　　I am 26, male, majoring in chemistry. I received my M.S. degree from Nanjing University of Science and Technology in 1994. I have been working as a teaching assistant in the chemistry Department there。
　　An early reply would be appreciated. Thank you。
　                                            　Respectfully yours,
　                                             　   (Signature)
　                                                    　Li Ming
　　范文3：感谢信
　　Thanks for One’s Hospitality
　　Directions:
　　Your delegation has just returned from a visit to a university in Great Britain. And you were warmly treated there by Professor Herthwell. Please write a letter to express your thanks to him for his hospitality and hope for further cooperation。
　　Dear Prof. Herthwell,
　　Many thanks for your kind hospitality and the honor you showed me during our delegation’s recent visit to your university. It was nice of you to introduce me to so many of your famous professors and celebrated scholars at your university. We had a safe and sound trip home. Now we have resumed our work。
　　Meanwhile, I hope you will someday pay a short visit to our university and give us some lectures on “Modern Western Economics”。
　　Please have no hesitation in writing to me if you want me to do something for you in China。
　                                                  　With best wishes。
　                                                   　Sincerely yours,
　　                                                         Li Dong
　　以下是感谢类小作文写作中的几句常用语：
　　Thank you very much /indeed for---
　　I am obliged to you for your assistance during---
　　Thank you very much for the gift you sent me. It is one of the most wonderful gifts I got on my birthday。
　　Thanks to your effort, we had our most successful---ever。
　　Please accept my sincere thanks for your help, which I will never forget。
　　Again, I would like to express my warm thanks to you。

