2010考研英语阅读真题答案与详解
　　Text 1
　　①Of all the changes that have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century, perhaps the most far-reaching has been the inexorable decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage。
　　【考点分析】灭绝师太常考(the most)本句的意思是“过去这些年英语报纸上所发生的最有影响力的变化的可能是艺术评论的在报道范围和严肃性的堕落”。
　　①It is difficult to the point of impossibility for the average reader under the age of forty to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-city newspapers. ②Yet a considerable number of the most significant collections of criticism published in the 20th century consisted in large part of newspaper reviews. ③ To read such books today is to marvel at the fact that their learned contents were once deemed suitable for publication in general-circulation dailies。
　　【考点分析】①to the point of “到…地步”  ②转折常考，出21题。 “然而，在20世纪大量的最重要的批评集是有报纸评论组成的。”本句强调20世纪的报纸评论数量很多。③沿着上句的意思论述：如今读到这样的书的人不禁会对下面这个事实感到惊讶：这些评论之前竟然被认为适合在面向大众的日报上刊登。
　　21. It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that
　　A arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers。
　　B English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews。
　　C high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers。
　　D young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies。
　　【正确选项解析】B 由第一段的 ①decline in scope 和第二段的②a considerable number 都在强调以前的报纸关于艺术评论数量很多，所以选择B
　　【干扰选项分析】A 比较容易排除。与第一段①矛盾，原文只是说decline, 即下降，没有说消失(disappear)
　　C 比较容易排除。“高质量的报纸未丧失大量的读者”。无中生有。
　　D 强干扰项。“年轻的读者怀疑报纸上的评论不合适”。原文③：《牛津高阶英汉双解词典》marvel v be very surprised (and often admiring) 大为惊讶(常含赞叹之意)，表明其实读者是赞同：这些评论可以再报纸上刊登的。这里的doubt 表示怀疑，所以与marvel意思相反。
　　①  We are even farther removed from the unfocused newspaper reviews published in England between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War 2,at a time when newsprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament to the publications in which it appeared. ②In those far-off days, it was taken for granted that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events they covered. ③Theirs was a serious business. and even those reviews who wore their learning lightly, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman, could be trusted to know what they were about. ④These men believed in journalism as a calling , and were proud to be published in the daily press. ⑤'So few authors have brains enough or literary gift enough to keep their own end up in journalism,' Newman wrote, "that I am tempted to define "journalism" as "a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are".'
　　【考点分析】①否定常考(unfocused)出22题。承接上文，上文讲我们的评论数量减少，这里继续讲我们甚至离20世纪初到二战期间的报纸评论也相差很远。Even farther removed from 表明作者的惋惜之情。② in detail and at length“详细的”③ serious“严肃的”④calling“对做某项工作的强烈欲望或责任感” proud“骄傲” 上面的这些词都表明二战前的报纸评论的风格。⑤否定常考，出23题。“因此，几乎没有人有足够的智慧或文学天赋在新闻事业上成就自己，我更喜欢吧新闻事业定义为“被假作家耻辱地使用了的术语，对真作家来说，他们不足挂齿”。”其实本句话中Newman wrote,后面的根本不需要看懂。
　　22. Newspaper reviews in England before World War 2 were characterized by
　　A free themes。
　　B casual style。
　　C elaborate layout。
　　D radical viewpoints。
　　【正确选项解析】A unfocused的英文解释：not concentrated at one point or upon one objective, free的英文解释是unrestricted，所以unfocused = free ,属于同义替换。
　　【干扰选项分析】
　　B 请看《牛津高阶英汉双解词典》字典对casual 的解释：(a)made or done without much care or thought; offhand 不经意的； 随便的； 马虎的； 临时的(b) (derog 贬) showing little concern; nonchalant; irresponsible 漠不关心的； 无动於衷的； 不负责任的(c) not methodical or thorough; not serious 无条理的； 不彻底的； 不认真的 。这几个意思都是和② in detail and at length“详细的”③ serious“严肃的”④calling“对做某项工作的强烈欲望或责任感” proud“骄傲”相矛盾的。所以不选。
　　C 强干扰项。elaborate 可以替换原文中的in detail ，但是layout(布局)无中生有，所以本题与原文不相符合。
　　D radical 激进的 无中生有。
　　23. Which of the following would shaw and Newman most probably agree on?
　　A It is writers' duty to fulfill journalistic goals。
　　B It is contemptible for writers to be journalists。
　　C Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism。
　　D Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing。
　　【正确选项解析】D 对⑤同义替换。Few= not all ，have brains enough or literary gift enough=capable of
　　注意：D选项中not all属于部分否定，语气委婉，在选项中出现往往正确。
　　【干扰选项分析】A journalistic goals(新闻业的目标)，无中生有。
　　B “作家成为记者是值得鄙视的。”与④的proud (自豪的)相反。
　　C “作者容易被新闻业吸引”。对⑤偷梁换柱。原文说的是被define "journalism" as… 所吸引，而不是被journalism所吸引。
　　①Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. ②Neville Cardus, who wrote for the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975, is now known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. ③During his lifetime, though, he was also one of England's foremost classical-music critics, and a stylist so widely admired that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-seller. ④He was knighted in 1967, the first music critic to be so honored. ⑤Yet only one of his books is now in print, and his vast body of writings on music is unknown save to specialists. ①②③④⑤

