2010年考研英语真题参考答案(启航完整版)
　　一. 知识运用题答案
　　1--5 ABCBC   6--10 BDACD   11--15 CAADB   16--20 ADCBD  
　　二. 阅读Part A选择题答案
　　21--25 BCDAA   26--30 CDCBA  31--35 BDACC  36--40 ADCBD
　　三. 新题型段落排序题答案
　　41--45 BFDGA 
　　四. 翻译参考译文
　　46.科学家们提出一些明显站不住脚的证据迅速来拯救，其大意是：如果鸟类无法控制害虫，那么这些害虫就会吃光我们人类。
　　47. 但我们至少几乎也承认这样一点：不管鸟类是否给我们带来经济上的好处，但鸟类作为生物其固有的权利应该继续存在。
　　48. 曾几何时，生物学家们有点过度使用这个证据，即这些物种通过杀死体质弱者来保持猎物的正常繁衍或   者这些生物捕杀的仅仅是毫无价值的物种。
　　49. 在欧洲，林业在生态方面更加发达，无商业价值的树种被看作是原生森林群落的一部分，而得到合理的保护。
　　50. 这一系统易于忽视，因而最终会消除掉这个土地共同体里的许多要素(成员)，虽然这些要素(成员)缺乏商业价值，但这些要素(成员)对这个共同体的健康运行来说是必要的。
　　五. 大小作文参考范文
　　51.小作文部分参考范文
　　Directions:
　　You are supposed to write for the Postgraduates’ Association a notice to recruit volunteers for an international conference on globalization, you should conclude the basic qualification of applicant and the other information you think relative。
　　You should write about 100 words. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use " Postgraduates’ Association " instead。
　　参考范文
　　Volunteers Wanted/Needed
　　An international conference on globalization will be held in the coming winter vacation. This conference will be organized by the Postgraduates’ Association。
　　At present we will recruit 10 volunteers to work as assistants for this conference. The applicants are required to speak English fluently. Those who can speak another foreign language such as French or Japanese are preferable. In addition to the language skills, those volunteers are expected to be patient, helpful, open-minded with a loving heart. The volunteers will be provided free three meals a day as well as transportation from and back to the conference site。
　　Those who are interested in working as volunteers, please send your resume and application letter to the e-mail address postgraduateassociation@163.com"> postgraduateassociation@163.com. The Postgraduates’ Association will contact those chosen candidates for an interview before Febulary, 1th。
　　We are sincerely waiting for you to join us!
　　Postgraduates’ Association
　　52. 大作文参考范文
　　As is vividly depicted in the drawing, in the middle of the cartoon stands a hot pot, containing many Chinese cultural symbols, such as Beijing operas, Daoism, and some foreigh cultural symbols, etc. How impressive the drawing is in describing the common phenomenon that Chinese culture is becoming increasingly integrated into the world. The drawer’s intention seems to be highly self-evident and the meaning causes us to be thought-provoking。
　　It holds to be apparent that the cartoon is indicative of a pervasive phenomenon with regard to culture. When it comes to(一谈到) culture，its great impacts and benefits can’t be too estimated. As China opens to the outside world, our traditional culture is embracing the foreign culture, thus making our Chinese culture more diversified, colorful and internationalized just like a melting pot. What the picture conveys goes far beyond this. The fact that people from different countries are attracted to each other, indicating that to some extent different cultures can be accepted，respected，appreciated and shared internationally. Or put it in another way, Chinese unique culture can become international through worldwide cultural exchanges. Since the trend of globalization become irresistible, cultural integration can effectively improve mutual understanding and friendship among different countries. 
　　In my personal sense, Chinese national culture as priceless spiritual treasure should be preserved and cherished. Meanwhile，there are good reasons to embrace foreign cultures on the ground that those ideas from other cultures can provide different perspectives for us to observe the world in the long run. However，confronted with a different culture，we should be sensible enough to absorb its essence and to resist its dark side. Only in this way can we promote cultural integration positively, thus making our motherland dimensional, colorful and vigorous. (298 words)
　　考试结束之后欢迎参与政治、英语、数学讨论，发表你的观点和感受，与网友对一对答案。今年试题难不难？新浪教育特约多位名师在论坛进行24小时答疑。送考试祝福，请点击进入许愿专区。自我感觉考得不好的，欢迎进来发泄一下。欢迎参与2010年考研成绩预测及复试线预测，并查看其他人的估分。

