考研写作必背：百余英文好句汇总
　　写作是一个需要日积月累、不断完善的，在考研复习的基础阶段，整理和背诵一些好的句子或者段落，是很有帮助的。下面就是一系列写作必背好句：
　　1. According to a recent survey, four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking。依照最近的一项调查，每年有4，000，000人死于与吸烟有关的疾病。
　　2. The latest surveys show that quite a few children have unpleasant associations with homework。
　　最近的调查显示相当多的孩子对家庭作业没什么好感。
　　3. No invention has received more praise and abuse than Internet。
　　没有一项发明像互联网一样同时受到如此多的赞扬和批评。
　　4. People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation。
　　人们似乎忽视了教育不应该随着毕业而结束这一事实。
　　5. An increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation。
　　越来越多的人开始意识到教育不能随着毕业而结束。
　　6. When it comes to education, the majority of people believe that education is a lifetime study.　说到教育，大部分人认为其是一个终生的学习。
　　7. Many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person's physical fitness.　　许多专家指出体育锻炼直接有助于身体健康。
　　8. Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and the great efforts should be made to protect local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.　
　　应该采取适当的措施限制外国旅游者的数量，努力保护当地环境和历史不受国际旅游业的不利影响。　　
　　9. An increasing number of experts believe that migrants will exert positive effects on construction of city. However, this opinion is now being questioned by more and more city residents, who complain that the migrants have brought many serious problems like crime and prostitution。
　　越来越多的专家相信移民对城市的建设起到积极作用。然而，越来越多的城市居民却怀疑这种说法，他们抱怨民工给城市带来了许多严重的问题，像犯罪和卖淫。
　　10. Many city residents complain that it is so few buses in their city that they have to spend much more time waiting for a bus, which is usually crowded with a large number of passengers。
　　许多市民抱怨城市的公交车太少，以至于他们要花很长时间等一辆公交车，而车上可能已满载乘客。
　　11. There is no denying the fact that air pollution is an extremely serious problem: the city authorities should take strong measures to deal with it.　　
　　无可否认，空气污染是一个极其严重的问题：城市当局应该采取有力措施来解决它。
　　12. An investigation shows that female workers tend to have a favorable attitude toward retirement.　　一项调查显示妇女欢迎退休。　　
　　13.A proper part-time job does not occupy students' too much time. In fact, it is unhealthy for them to spend all of time on their study. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy。
　　一份适当的业余工作并不会占用学生太多的时间，事实上，把全部的时间都用到学习上并不健康，正如那句老话：只工作，不玩耍，聪明的孩子会变傻。　　
　　14. Any government, which is blind to this point, may pay a heavy price.　　
　　任何政府忽视这一点都将付出巨大的代价。　　
　　15. Nowadays, many students always go into raptures at the mere mention of the coming life of high school or college they will begin. Unfortunately, for most young people, it is not pleasant experience on their first day on campus.　　
　　当前，一提到即将开始的学校生活，许多学生都会兴高采烈。然而，对多数年轻人来说，校园刚开始的日子并不是什么愉快的经历。　　
　　16. In view of the seriousness of this problem, effective measures should be taken before things get worse.　　
　　考虑到问题的严重性，在事态进一步恶化之前，必须采取有效的措施。　　
　　17. The majority of students believe that part-time job will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills, which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.　　
　　大部分学生相信业余工作会使他们有更多机会发展人际交往能力，而这对他们未来找工作是非常有好处的。
　　18. It is indisputable that there are millions of people who still have a miserable life and have to face the dangers of starvation and exposure.　　
　　无可争辩，现在有成千上万的人仍过着挨饿受冻的痛苦生活。　　
　　19. Although this view is wildly held, this is little evidence that education can be obtained at any age and at any place.　　
　　尽管这一观点被广泛接受，很少有证据表明教育能够在任何地点、任何年龄进行。　　
　　20. No one can deny the fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.　　没有人能否认：教育是人生最重要的一方面。
　　21. People equate success in life with the ability of operating computer.　　人们把会使用计算机与人生成功相提并论。
　　22. In the last decades, advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past。
　　在过去的几十年，先进的医疗技术已经使得人们比过去活的时间更长成为可能。
　　23. In fact, we have to admit the fact that the quality of life is as important as life itself。
　　事实上，我们必须承认生命的质量和生命本身一样重要。
　　24. We should spare no effort to beautify our environment。
　　我们应该不遗余力地美化我们的环境。
　　25. People believe that computer skills will enhance their job opportunities or promotion opportunities。
　　人们相信拥有计算机技术可以获得更多工作或提升的机会。
　　26. The information I've collected over last few years leads me to believe that this knowledge may be less useful than most people think。
　　从这几年我搜集的信息来看，这些知识并没有人们想象的那么有用。
　　27. Now, it is generally accepted that no college or university can educate its students by the time they graduation。
　　现在，人们普遍认为没有一所大学能够在毕业时候教给学生所有的知识。
　　28. This is a matter of life and death--a matter no country can afford to ignore。
　　这是一个关系到生死的问题，任何国家都不能忽视。
　　29. For my part, I agree with the latter opinion for the following reasons:
　　我同意后者，有如下理由：

