考研英语应用文书信写作要点及句型汇总
　　随着2011考研报名工作的正式启动，1月份的考试离我们越来越近了，要参加2011考研的考生神经又要绷紧一些了。今天，新东方在线网络课程考研辅导团队与大家分享一下有关考研英语写作中书信写作的方法常用技巧等，掌握了这些，相信此类题型的提分会有很大帮助。
　　书信题型写作是应用文写作中常见的功能性写作形式，书信写作的准备一是宏观，就是要掌握它的格式，基本框架，就是先写什么，后写什么；二是微观，具体到语言如何使用。
　　一、书信写作考察的结构
　　① 日期，写信人应将写信日期(年，月，日)放在书信正文的右上角，如Jan. 30th, 2010。
　　提醒：考研书信写作没有要求考生必须写时间，如果没有把握自己的时间书写格式是正确的，建议考生不要写，以免出错反而扣分。
　　② 称呼，称呼是写信人对收信人的称谓，称呼可以根据收信人的性别，职务，婚姻状况，姓名等个人信息来写，如：Mr. Williams, Mrs. Bush, Professor Li, Dr. Smith, Dear Mum and Dad
　　如果写信人不清楚收信人的具体姓名，职务等情况，可以写：Dear Sir or Madam, To whom it may concern。
　　③ 正文，正文是书信的主要部分，在称呼下方隔一或两行处开始。考生写正文时，要分层次进行。书信正文通常由引言，展开段和结尾三个层次组成。
　　•引言，引言表明写信人的写信目的和写信背景，一般仅限于一段，一两句话即可。
　　提醒：此处考生容易犯一个错误：照抄题目的表达，甚至原句，这是一个严重的错误，在阅卷过程至少会扣到2分，希望广大考生要注意。
　　•展开段，展开段内容应详实，具体。可以分为若干段来写，每一段围绕一个主题展开。
　　提醒：提醒广大考生，题干中的要点必须全部包含，考生若是在漏掉一个要点(一般小作文有3个要点)会至少扣掉3分。
　　•结尾，结尾部分通常比引言部分短，使用一两句话表达一下希望或祝愿。
　　④ 结束语，结束语是写信人对收信人的谦称，写在正文下面二至三行处。公务等较正式的信件多采用Yours sincerely, Sincerely yours, Yours faithfully, Yours truly 等；私人信件，多采用Yours, With love, Yours affectionately 等。
　　⑤ 签名，签名应写在结束语的下面。
　　二、主体段语言的操作
　　书信按照指令边想边写。主体第一段一句话，开门见山，提出写信的目的，表明信的性质：是投诉信还是申请信还是请求信？我为什么要写这封信？常用句式包括：
　　I am writing to complain about…
　　I am writing to thank… for… /express my gratitude for …
　　I am writing to ask for…
　　I am writing to apply for…
　　正文第二段，100个字左右，8、9句话。
　　此段写作的中心任务是把题目中的提纲进行扩展。如果有3条提纲，可以每一条提纲扩充3句。怎么样扩充，主要是发挥点小小的想象力，有两种思路，一是将上义拆分成为若干下义，二是把一件事情说得更为形象具体。比如第一条指令，题目里面说是books，可以细化为各种各样的书，这就是下义拆分法。还可以具体描写一下这些书是什么样子的。同样第二个指令里面的methods of payment,和第三个指令里面的time and way of delivery都可以采用这两种方法进行扩展。
　　结尾，一般为礼貌性的套话，一般都是焦急等待着您的回信I am looking forward to your reply足以，或者I would appreciate it if you could send a replay at your earliest convenience也行。
　　以下为书信写作中常用的经典句型参考，希望大家在写作中活学活用。
　　常用起首语
　　1) Looking forward to your early reply
　　2) Hoping to hear from you soon
　　3) I hope to hear from you very soon。
　　4) We look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience。
　　5) Your early reply will be highly appreciated。
　　6) I hope everything will be well with you。
　　7) Please let us know if you want more information。
　　8) I wish you very success in the coming year。
　　9) Please remember me to your family。
　　10) With best regards to your family。
　　11) All the best。
　　12) With love and good wishes。
　　求职申请信常用句型
　　1. In reply to your advertisement in ~,I respectfully offer my services for the situation。
　　2. With reference to your advertisement in ~ for a / an ~,I offer myself for the post。
　　3. Please consider me an applicant for the position which you advertised in ~。
　　4. Having noticed the enclosed advertisement in ~,I wish to apply for the position referred to。
　　5. In answer to your advertisement in ~ for a ~,I wish to tender my services。
　　6. Your advertisement for a ~ in ~ has interested me. I feel I can fill that position。
　　7. Shall you need an experienced ~ for your ~ next SUMMER?
　　8. I have been for over five years in the employment of a / an ~ company
　　9. I have been in the business for the last ~ years, and worked as the director of the…department。
　　10. I've had ~ years' experience with a company as a ~。
　　11. For the last ~ years, I have been and still am a / an ~。
　　12. I'm ~ years of age, female / male, and have had ~ years' experience in a limited company's ~ office
　　13. I should be very glad to have a personal interview and can furnish references if desired。
　　14. If you desire an interview, I shall be most happy to call in person, on any day and at any time you may appoint。
　　15. Should you think favorably of my application, kindly grant me an interview。
　　16. I trust that you'll give this application your favorable consideration。
　　17. Should you give me a trial, I’ll do my utmost to afford you every satisfaction。
　　申诉信常用句型
　　1. I am sorry to say that we are greatly inconvenienced by the fact that ~。
　　2. I am writing this letter to complain about ~。
　　3. I really must complain about the quality of the ~ I recently got from your company。
　　4. You seem to have supplied us with a product that falls far below the standard we expect。
　　5. The ~ I ordered from your store arrived broken. Obviously, no packing had been placed in the box before it was sent from the warehouse。
　　6. It is now over ~ since we made the above order with you, but the ~ we need badly now haven't arrived yet。
　　7. The product I purchased from you ~ proved to be quite a disappointment. Although it looks exactly the same as the one I saw in your commercial, it actually does not perform the same way。
　　8. As I have no interest in receiving a replacement, I am returning the product to you and demand that a full refund be made to me。
　　9. I'd appreciate it very much if you refund the money I have paid for it。
　　10. We would appreciate it if you would arrange for the replacement of the damaged items。
　　感谢信常用句式参考：
　　1. Let me tell you how much I liked / appreciated / enjoyed…
　　2. I want you to know how much we / I appreciate…
　　3. We appreciate your taking time to …
　　4. I don’t know how I would have managed without your help
　　5. I hope I can return the favor someday
　　6. Do let me know if I can ever return the favor

