2011年考研英语冲刺必备：写作高分五步攻略
　　目  录
　　第一步 应对策略
　　第二步 结构科学 内容充实
　　第三步 实战写作
　　第四步 应用文
　　第五步 补充部分
　　第一篇 应对策略
　　1.1应对对策
　　1.考研写作应对对策Ⅰ：语言
　　(1)词汇
　　常用词：think→argue/maintain/hold/believe/assume,或介词短语for my part/as for me/to the best of my knowledge/understanding,the way I see It ;
　　Important→crucial/vital/essential/imperative/critical/necessary;show→indicate/demlmstrate-reveal-unfold;many→a great number of (可数)/a tremendous amount of(不可数)。
　　连接词：例举多项：for one thing,…for another,…still another,…at last;to begin with…moreover/what is more…last but not least,举例一项时：sth.provides us with a good illustration.a case in point,as a proof,as an example,for example,for instance,in particular,such as(不可用在句首)
　　(2)句型
　　(2008团队精神19分)it is  teanwork that makes it possible for them to go anywhere they want
　　To。(强调句、形式宾语)
　　(同上)
　　It has been universally acknowledged that  the ability of teamwork is the most essential
　　Qualification that anyone who wants to achieve success should possess.  (形式主语、定语从句)
　　(2006偶像崇拜19分)some,like the young man in the photo,express their enthusiasm by writing his name on their faces,while others,like the one in the hair studio.spend as much as 300 yuan for a hair style modeling on that of beckham。(连接词，对仗结构)
　　(2005敬老养老18分)those who tried every means to avoid their duty of looking after their 。
　　Elders should bear in mind that they are much indebted to their parents for their birth and growth。(定语从句，宾语从句)
　　(同上)this picture reveals a not-uncommon phenomenon of how elders are treated by their grow-up children in some of the families in china 。(双重否定表肯定、被动表达)
　　(2003温室花朵17分)the real implication of the anthor is that everyone has to meet difficulties in their life experience,so we have to make adequate preparations for them。(名词替代动词，系表结构)
　　(题目同上12分)this time,the flower can not stand in the heave rain。(不用缩写表示正式)
　　(题目同上12分)we can not imagine a society full of adults having the ahility like seven ?year-old children。(it is beyond imagination that…)(名词代替动词，缩写问题)
　　(题目同上10分)looking at it carefully ,the flower is protected  from the rain outside the warm house。(垂悬结构，主被动分清)
　　(题目同上6分)there are two picture ,one is said that a flower can not be hurt by rain and wind,
　　She grows wonderful。(多一个谓语存在混乱—并列或降级)
　　(2004终点又是新起点16分)the market economy and competitive society drives many people to study hard for higher academic degrees。(主谓一致)
　　(2002文化交流4分)a beautiful american girl is wearing chinese clothes is smiling to us。(汉语思维的影响，主语从句)
　　2、考研写作应对对策Ⅱ：结构
　　(1)审题阶段
　　(2)各段充实
　　3、考研写作应对对策Ⅲ
　　(1)有话可说
　　(2)不离正题
　　第二篇 结构科学 内容充实
　　2.1  考研写作应对对策Ⅱ：结构——注意逻辑
　　2.2  三段分别覆盖情况：
　　首段三种：图画描述、现象描述、寓意象征(可以在第二段)
　　中心段三种：原因分析、利弊分析、举例说明
　　尾段三种：判断评论&问题建议、个人选择、现实运用
　　2.3  详细解析
　　2.3.1  图画描述
　　四句：第一句对画面的简单概括，第二三句描写画面内容，最后一句点明中心，即象征或寓意(这句也可以放在第二段第一句：承上启下)
　　图画描述段的首尾句常用有：
　　(1)
　　A：一幅图首句：
　　※This is an interesting and thought-provoking picture。(extraordinary /meaningful)
　　※ As is shown in the picture,      (depicted/conveyed/drawn/illustrated)
　　※ The picture shocks us beyond description。(reveals only the tip of an ugly iceberg。用于反面意义图画)
　　B:一幅图尾句
　　※ The meaning conveyed by the picture is clear but profound:揭示中心(drawing/photo)
　　※ It is obvious that…揭示中心
　　※ Obviously… 揭示中心
　　(2)
　　A：两幅图首句
　　※ The two pictures are interesting and thought-provoking。(extraordinary/meaningful)
　　※ As is shown in the first picture.  第一幅图描述   whereas the second picture depicts…第二幅图描述(depicted/conveyed/drawn)
　　※ As depicted in the pictures…第一幅图描述  and  第二幅图描述
　　※ As we can see from the first picture…第一幅描述，in the second picture,however…第二幅图描述
　　※ The two pictures reveal a not uncommon phenomenon that…总结画面图像
　　B：两幅图尾句
　　※ Comparing the two pictures,we can conclude that…揭示中心
　　※ The meaning conveyed by the pictures is clear but profound:揭示中心(drawing/photo)
　　※ It is obvious that…揭示中心
　　※ Obviously…揭示中心
　　※ It is not difficult to conclude the symbolic meaning of the pictures…揭示中心

