2011年考研英语(一)真题参考答案
　　2011年全国硕士研究生入学统一考试
　　英语(一)真题答案
　　1.C 2.D 3.B  4.B 5.A  6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.A
　　11.B  12.C  13.D  14.C 15.B  16.D  17.A 18.D 19.A  20.C
　　Section II Reading Comprehension
　　Part A
　　21.C  22.B  23.D  24.B  25.A  26.B  27.D  28.C  29.A  30.B
　　31.D    32.C    33.B    34.A  35.A  36.C   37.C   38.D    39.D   40.B
　　Part B
　　41.B   42.D   43.A     44.C     45.F
　　Part C Translation
　　46. 艾伦的贡献在于提出了我们大家都认同的假设——我们不是机器人，因此能够控制自己的思维——并且指出了这个假设是错误的。
　　47. 虽然仅通过显意识就能能够保持控制的错觉，但实际上我们一直面临着一个问题，那就是“为什么我不能设法完成这样或那样的事情。
　　48. 这似乎可能为必要时的忽视而正名，也能合理说明剥削，以及在顶层的人的优越感及处于低层人们的劣势感。
　　49. 环境似乎是为了挑选出我们的强者，如果我们感觉受了委屈，那么我们就不可能有意识的做出努力逃离我们原来的处境。
　　50. 正面意义在于我们了解任何事情都取决于我们自己，之前我们受到一系列的限制，而现在我们成了权威。
　　Section III Writing
　　51.小作文参考范文
　　小作文范文一：
　　Dear friend,
　　I am writing, without hesitation, to share one of my favorite movies, Forest Gump, with you, which is not only conducive to your study, but also beneficial to your life。
　　For one thing, the beautiful language in this original English movie may contribute to your study of English in listening, speaking, reading and writing. For another thing, the profound cultural elements implicit in the scene will equip you with foreign cultural background and, above all, enrich your daily life。
　　Would you like to see this movie after my recommendation? Remember to tell me your opinion about the movie. I am looking forward to your early reply。
　　Yours,
　　Li Ming
　　小作文范文二：
　　Dear friend,
　　Recently, a lot of new movies are on show, among which I love If You Are The One most. Now I am recommending this movie to you for the reasons listed below。
　　First of all, it has powerful cast which appeals to my attention. In addition, the classic and thought-provoking language makes it irresistible to all fans. Above all, the deep revelation of love touches my soul opens my mind。
　　I am convinced that you are willing to see this movie after my enthusiastic recommendation. Remember to write and tell me how you feel. I am looking forward to your early reply。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　52.大作文参考范文
　　The terrible scene depicted in the cartoon shows that some people in our life still lack the awareness of environmental protection. The picture illustrates that two tourists are chatting and eating happily on a boat and casually throwing their rubbish into the lake which is full of litter and waste. The drawing sets us thinking too much due to its far-reaching influence。
　　Nowadays, though the awareness of protecting environment is being accepted by more and more people, we can still see many unpleasant scenes especially in scenic spots. Why does this phenomenon arise? Many factors are accounting for it. First and foremost, to some people, the consciousness of protecting environment is still not so strong. They may not think it is a big deal to throw rubbish everywhere. In addition, the environmental management system isn’t so satisfying. For example, in some places there’re few regulations or the implementation is seldom performed actually。
　　From what has been discussed above, it is urgent to take some effective and relative measures. In the first place, we should continue to conduct more propaganda in communities and schools so as to let people realize the importance of protecting environment. In the second, more rules should be made and carried out by the government to restrain the conduction of destroying environment. People should work together to create clean and beautiful surroundings。

