2011年考研英语(一)大小作文真题解析
　　2011年考研英语小作文题目和范文：
　　51. Directions：
　　Write a letter to a friend of yours to
　　1) recommend one of your favorite movies and
　　2) give reasons for your recommendation。
　　You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET2.
　　Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use“Li Ming”instead。
　　Do not write the address。(10points)
　　考研教育网小作文范文
　　Dear friends，
　　I‘m writing to you to recommend my favorite movie 'Avatar'. It is a very hot movie this year. For starters， it's a great story and has a fantastic plot. This film captivated me from beginning to end. The fast-paced， exciting story line kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through. What's more， the specialeffects are breathtaking. The directing is absolutely neat. And last but not least， it's an educational movie. It teaches us about dedication， discipline， loyalty and love. I am sure you will enjoy the movie。
　　Yours sincerely，
　　Li Ming
　　2011年考研英语大作文题目和范文：
　　52、Direction
　　Write an essay of 160-200words based on the following drawing .In your essay ，you should
　　1) describe the drawing briefly
　　2) explain its intended measing and
　　3) give your comments
　　You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET2.(20points)
　　旅途之“余”
　　2011年考研英语一大作文范文
　　What an impressive picture it is！ Two young men sitting on the boat are throwing rubbish into the lake， with all kinds of garbage floating on the surface. What is conveyed in the picture is both realistic and thought-provoking。
　　Clearly， we can deduce from the picture that with the rapid development of economy， tourism as a form of enterprise brings China a lot of benefits， but the environment is being polluted tremendously. In public places people have no awareness that they are doing something damaging the environment， the only environment we have. They cause inconvenience and discomfort to other tourists， and also degrade China's image as a nation。
　　What can we do then？ First， I think that government should issue severe regulations， punishing any behavior that damages the environment. Second， the environment protection awareness of the public should be enforced. People should know how closely the clean environment is related to their personal lives. Let's hope we will have a cleaner and more beautiful world in the near future. 
　　分析：
　　今年考研英语作文的难度略有降低。小作文是历年来常考的形式之一——书信体，要求写一封推荐信。比较熟悉的推荐信是推荐一个人，本次作文要求推荐一部电影。开头可以直接写明是哪部电影，接下来说明这部电影好在哪里，有什么意义等内容。最后可以说一下相信对方一定会喜欢等内容。
　　大作文涉及的内容也是近年来的热点话题——环保问题。图片描述的内容是游人在湖面上乱扔垃圾，导致垃圾在湖面到处漂浮、鱼类死亡的现象，反映了人们环保意识与公德意识的缺失，不仅破坏了环境，也损害了人们的形象。写作的时候可以用比较常用的三段式，开头描述图片内容，然后说明危害，分析原因，最后提出解决方案，表达愿望等。
　　来源：考研教育网

