2011年考研英语(一)真题参考答案
　　1-5    ACDBA
　　6-10   CADCB
　　11-15  BCACA
　　16-20  BCADB
　　21-25  DBCAA
　　26-30  CCBDB
　　31-35  CCBDB
　　36-40  CBCCC
　　41-45  BDCAE
　　46、艾伦的贡献在于提供了我们能分担和揭示错误性质的假设--因为我们不是机器人，因此我们能够控制我们的理想
　　47、我们可以单独通过意识维持控制的感觉，但实际上我们一直面临着一个问题，为什么我不能完成这件事情或那件事情
　　48、这似乎可能为必要时的忽视正名，也能合理说明剥削，以及在顶层的人的优越感及处于后层人们的劣势感
　　49、环境似乎是为了挑选出我们的强者，而且如果我们感觉受了委屈，那么我们就不可能有意识的做出努力逃离我们原来的处境
　　50. 积极的一面是：机会是存在的，只要我们相信事在人为。对于从前我们看到的局限，现
　　在我们要善于发现其中的一切可能
　　51.
　　Dear my friend,
　　I’m writing to you to recommend one of my favorite movies 'Avatar'。
　　The movie is directed by James Cameron, who is famous with product Titanic. The story is about immigration to planet Pandora, and what happened with local NA'VI. The film is such a wonder that I thought it is well worth watching in one's whole life. 'Avatar' is not just a film about the love story between a 'human' and a NA'VI princess, but also a educational file. From the movie we learned that we must live in harmony with the nature.      Therefore I do not hesitate to recommend this movie to you. I am sure you will enjoy the movie。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　52.
　　What a terrible and shocking scene it is! As is vividly depicted in the drawing above, sitting on the boat and enjoying their sightseeing, a couple of youngsters are throwing rubbish into the sea, with many dead fishes floating on the surface. What is conveyed in the picture is both realistic and thought-provoking。
　　The implied meaning of the given picture can be elaborated in terms of environmental protection and public manners. On the one hand, along with the development of the economy and society, people tend to attach great importance to personal and economic interests, ignoring ecological balance. As a consequence, environment has been polluted so seriously that environmental protection should be put on the agenda immediately. On the other hand, the inappropriate public manners such as littering and spitting are also one of the major factors causing environmental problems. If we let it go as it is, the nature will take revenge on human being sooner or later。
　　To serve as responsible stewards of the planet, we must promote and popularize the sense of environmental protection. For one thing, laws and regulations should be issued to change the practice of sacrificing long-term environmental health for short-term rapid economic development. For another, some educational campaign should be launched among the public, especially the young, to raise the awareness of public morality. Only in these ways can we achieve sustainable development and live in a harmonious society。

