2011年考研英语(一)参考答案
　　Section I. Use of English
　　1—5 CDBBA
　　6—10 BADCA
　　11—15 BCDCB
　　16—20 DADAC
　　Section II. Reading Comprehension
　　Part A
　　21—25 CBDBA
　　26—30 BDAAC
　　31—35 DCBCA
　　36—40 CDADB
　　Part B
　　41—45 BDACF
　　Part C
　　46、爱伦的贡献在于为我们提供了一个能分析和揭示错误性质的假设，这个假设就是：我们不是机器人，所以我们能控制我们的思想。
　　47、尽管仅凭借意识我们就能保持着控制的感觉，但实际上我们一直面临着一个问题，那就是为什么不能完成这件事情或那件事情。
　　48、这似乎能为必要时的忽视找到合理的解释，同时也能合理解释剥削，上层人士的优越感和底层人们的自卑感。
　　49、环境似乎是为了选出强者，只要我们感觉受了委屈，那么我们就不可能有意识地努力逃离我们的旧处境。
　　50、好的一面在于我们处在这样的一个位置，在这里我们知道所有事情都取决于自己；以前我们面对的是一系列限制，而现在我们成了权威。
　　Section III. Writing
　　Part A
　　Dear Lucy,
　　I am writing this letter to strongly recommend you a movie I have recently watched. This is a French movie called “leschorises”， and I can not wait to share it with you。
　　The moving touches me greatly first because of its heart-warming plot. It talks about a salvation story set in 1930s in a country school where a teacher, Clement Mathieu, changed the fate of a group of rebellious children through music. The theme conveyed by this movie is love, hope and forgiveness, and while watching it my heart was truly filled up with these positive emotions. Another highlight of this movie is its beautiful background music. I can not find a more enjoyable thing than listening to the pure and heavenly sound of children’s choir。
　　I have always known that we have similar taste for movie, so I strongly recommend you watch it and I believe it will touch your heart as it has mine。
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Li Ming
　　Part B
　　With the rapid development of tourist attractions，a growing number of people throng to the scenic spots during their vacations. As is vividly depicted in the cartoon, in the middle of a lake alive with rubbish rows a boat, riding two tourists, who are littering while enjoying the scenery。
　　We can deduce from the picture that the drawer is trying to capture our attention to the tragedy of the destruction of the rivers and lakes, which is part of the threat to the ecological balance of the planet. It must be admitted that occurrences of water pollution caused by the rapid development of tourism industry is understood by many people with wide and insightful views. Unfortunately, in real practice, tourism has developed in a manner which often conflicts with the environment. To some extent, the faster the tourism economy develops, the worse the environment becomes。
　　What is the significance of tourism development if the ecological balance is destroyed? In my view, measures should be taken without any delay to address the problem before price is paid for the negative development of the tourism. What should be done first is to make more people aware of the importance of environment protection. Otherwise, sightseeing, as a relaxation for most city dwellers, would be an impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years. Meanwhile, related laws must be laid down to protect the fragile environment and to penalize those who violate the law. Only in this way would we enjoy a wonderful natural ecosystem and an advantageous, fast-growing tourism economy。
　　来源：文都教育

