考研英语提分秘籍之经典英文语句
　　英语的学习、提高是一个长期积累的过程，搜集一些经典的英文语句注重整理和记忆在英文的写作中能为我所用相信会为你的作文增色不少，下面是跨考教育的老师整理的一些好句子希望能为你的英语写作提供帮助，赶快来分享吧。
　　Each day is a miniature lifetime,and your attitude concerning each daymakes a difference。
　　每一天都是一个小人生，你每天的态度都很重要！
　　Doing things change things,no doing things,these things are excatly as they were。
　　只有行动才能改变世界。
　　Life was like a box of chocolates,you never know what you're gonna get。
　　生命就像一盒巧克力，结果往往出人意料。
　　Death it but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still。
　　死亡仅仅是世界的穿梭——如同朋友穿越海洋一样——他们在另外的世界里依然永存。
　　Hope is a good thing,maybe the best of things,and no good thing ever dies。
　　希望是美好的，也许是人间至善，而美好的事物永不消逝。
　　To make each day count。
　　要让每一天都有所值。
　　The more you express gratitude for what you have,the more you have to express gratitude for。你越感激生活，你就越富有。
　　I’m only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn’t mean you go looking for trouble。
　　我只是在必要的时候才会勇敢，勇敢并不代表你要到处闯祸。
　　Fear can hold you prisoner.Hope can set you free。
　　懦怯囚禁人的灵魂，希望可以感受自由。
　　I figure life is a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You never know what hand you're going to get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you。
　　我觉得生命是一份礼物，我不想浪费它，你不会知道下一手牌会是什么，要学会接受生活。
　　You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day your order takes out and it changes your life。
　　你每天都在做很多看起来毫无意义的决定，但某天你的某个决定就能改变你的一生。
　　Miracles happen every day。
　　奇迹每天都在发生。
　　This path has been placed before you.The choice is yours alone。
　　路就在你脚下，你自己决定。
　　Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something.You got a dream,you gotta protect it.People can't do something themselves,they wanna tell you you can't do it.If you wantsomething,go get it。
　　别让别人告诉你你不能做什么，你有梦想，你就得保护它。人们自己做不成什么事情，就想要告诉你你也做不成。如果你想要什么，就要去争取。
　　Method goes far to prevent trouble in business: for it makes the task easy, hinders confusion, saves abundance of time, and instructs those that have business depending, both what to do and what to hope。
　　好的方法不仅仅能减少麻烦，它能将事情变的容易，它能扫清疑惑，它能节省时间，它能教导那些有想法的人，告诉他们如何去寄予希望，如何去实施。
　　Justice is the insurance which we have on our lives and property. Obedience is the premium which we pay for it。
　　公平是我们财富及生活的保险，忠实及顺从则是我们所付的保险费。
　　If there is any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again。
　　如果我有机会表达我的善心，展示我的善举，我会马上实施，不带任何的迟疑，因为我以后可能再也没有这样的机会了。
　　Know that you can be a great one。
　　要坚信，你可以成为伟人！

