2012年考研英语阶段测试试题及答案
　　I Cloze: 20 points
　　Unions are organizations of workers that bargain with employers for economic and job benefits. They exist to create   1   and economic power against private management and the   2   to achieve their goals. These goals are primarily higher 3   , better working conditions, and job security.   4   organized to achieve these goals are usually complex in their social and psychological detail。
　　Union movements occurred in the   5   half of the 1700s in the U.S. Carpenters, printers, and shoemakers formed organizations as early as 1791 in Philadelphia, Boston and New York. These   6   in most cases over social and economic  7  between workers and employers when rapid  8  in a young development country began to break down the familiar modes of   9  and the close ties between workers and employers。
　　A long, hard drive for legalization of union  10   Unions fought with companies and  11  courts for legitimacy and status. Unions were  12  as a threat to free enterprise and private property, and   13   to political and economic stability. They were also considered radical, and companies resisted them  14 . Violent conducts were frequent on both sides. The government at times moved in state police to suppress the more   15   conflicts. Union workers themselves often punished other workers who did not back their policies。
　　Unions in the U.S. have always   16   a practical direction. They have not adopted radical ideologies or   17   goals. A major force in union organizing in the early part of the century, Samuel Gompers, took a practical approach. He  18  “bread and butter unionism” or “pure and simple unionism。” He was interested in immediate, practical gains—higher wages and shorter  19  . He sided with no political party, only   20   politicians who could help。
　　1. A. political      B. principal     C. crucial     D. communal
　　2. A. department     B. government    C. section     D. compartment
　　3. A. position       B. rank          C. wages       D. benefits
　　4. A. Arrangements   B. Adjustments   C. Dynamics    D. Movements
　　5. A. latter         B. former        C. early       D. later
　　6. A. arouse         B. arose         C. arised      D. aroused
　　7. A. contradiction  B. dispute       C. conflict    D. debate
　　8. A. improvements   B. rhythm        C. pace        D. alterations
　　9. A. production     B. living        C. communication    D. commerce
　　10. A. pursued       B. followed      C. gathered    D. launched
　　11. A. idealistic    B. supportive    C. unsympathetic    D. advisable
　　12. A. depicted      B. defined       C. determined  D. referred to
　　13. A. therefore     B. moreover      C. nevertheless     D. nonetheless
　　14. A. energetically    B. vigorously      C. spontaneously     D. promptly
　　15. A. brutal        B. urgent        C. fierce      D. emergent
　　16. A. stood by      B. strove for    C. sought after     D. stuck to
　　17. A .unrealistic   B. practical     C. unreasonable    D. practicable
　　18. A. opposed       B. advocated     C. rejected        D. approved
　　19. A. times         B. hours         C. whiles          D. periods
　　20. A. against       B. to            C. for             D. with
　　II Reading and Vocabulary: 50 points
　　Text 1
　　Tight-lipped elders used to say, “It’s not what you want in this world, but what you get。”
　　Psychology teaches that you do get what you want if you know what you want and want the right things。
　　You can make a mental blueprint of a desire as you would make a blueprint of a house, and each of us is continually making these blueprints in the general routine of everyday living. If we intend to have friends to dinner, we plan the menu, make a shopping list, decide which food to cook first, and such planning is an essential for any type of meal to be served。
　　Likewise, if you want to find a job, take a sheet of paper, and write a brief account of yourself. In making a blueprint for a job, begin with yourself, for when you know exactly what you have to offer, you can intelligently plan where to sell your services。
　　This account of yourself is actually a sketch of your working life and should include education, experience and references. Such an account is valuable. It can be referred to in filling out standard application blanks and is extremely helpful in personal interviews. While talking to you, your could-be employer is deciding whether your education, your experience, and other qualifications, will pay him to employ you and your “wares” and abilities must be displayed in an orderly and reasonably connected manner。
　　When you have carefully prepared a blueprint of your abilities and desires, you have something tangible to sell. Then you are ready to hunt for a job. Get all the possible information about your could-be job. Make inquiries as to the details regarding the job and the firm. Keep your eyes and ears open, and use your own judgment. Spend a certain amount of time each day seeking the employment you wish for, and keep in mind: Securing a job is your job now。
　　1.What do the elders mean when they say, “It’s not what you want in this world, but what you get。”？
　　[A] You’ll certainly get what you want。
　　[B] It’s no use dreaming。
　　[C] You should be dissatisfied with what you have。
　　[D] It’s essential to set a goal for yourself。
　　2.A blueprint made before inviting a friend to dinner is used in this passage as ________。
　　[A] an illustration of how to write an application for a job
　　[B] an indication of how to secure a good job
　　[C] a guideline for job description
　　[D] a principle for job evaluation
　　3.According to the passage, one must write an account of himself before starting to find a job because ________。
　　[A] that is the first step to please the employer
　　[B] that is the requirement of the employer
　　[C] it enables him to know when to sell his services
　　[D] it forces him to become clearly aware of himself
　　4.When you have carefully prepared a blueprint of your abilities and desires, you have something ________。
　　[A] definite to offer
　　[B] imaginary to provide
　　[C] practical to supply
　　[D] desirable to present

