考研英语写作句式指导：以万变应不变
　　作文是各类英语考试中得分较低的一种题型，究其原因，除了平时缺少练习之外，同学们还缺乏作文得分技巧。同学们需要掌握一定的作文模板和熟悉大量的话题作文，纯模板会很僵化缺乏弹性，而话题作文可以更好的拓展思维，例如话题写作160篇里的高分佳句很实用。考研英语写作的提高需要大量细节的分析和磨练，其中一个重要的主题是关于英语创作的重要规律——seeking variety (追求语言丰富多变)。如何追求变化？下面英语教研室杨老师举几个具体的例子，从各种角度给出句型转换的方式，提供一些思路。如果能在作文中设置一些词汇和句型的闪光点，必定使你的作文如虎添翼。
　　一、注意段首句式的变化
　　图画作文的段首句往往是“如图所示”或“从图画中可以看出”之类，下面为经常采用的一些句型：
　　As is shown in the picture,
　　As can be seen from the picture,
　　It is vividly shown in the picture that……
　　We can see in this picture that ……
　　It is of considerable interest to see in the bizarre picture that……
　　二、适当用被动替换主动，这样能更客观地反映事实。
　　句子开头不要总是用we / I (比如写结尾时不用we should pay attention to而用Attent
　　ion should be paid to. ) 举个经典结尾的例子：It is, therefore, high time that some applicable approaches were implemented by the service industry like that. By doing so，its competitive edge will be sharpened effectively。
　　三、一句话用不同的句式来表达
　　为了加强同学们对语法知识在写作中的灵活应用，下面给出一句话的14种句式及语言
　　调整的效果，内容上没有太大差异，但是请同学们仔细辨别每句话所侧重的句式：
　　1.使用表语从句
　　The picture shows two people reading the announcement on a billboard, and being shocked at the message. The reason is that the billboard is advertising a “sale of the dead bodies”。
　　2.使用介词短语
　　In the picture, two people are reading the announcement and they are being shocked at the message of “a sale of dead bodies” on a billboard。
　　3.使用疑问句
　　The picture shows two people reading the announcement on a billboard. Why are they so shocked? The reason is that the billboard is advertising a “sale of the dead bodies”。
　　4.使用原因状语从句
　　The picture shows two people reading the announcement on a billboard. As the billboard is advertising a “sale of the dead bodies”， they are shocked at the message。
　　5.使用结果状语从句
　　The picture shows two people reading the announcement on a billboard. The billboard is advertising a “sale of the dead bodies” so that they are shocked at the message。
　　6.使用时间状语从句
　　In the picture, while the two people are reading the announcement on the billboard about “a sale of the dead bodies”， they are being deeply shocked。
　　7.使用分词短语
　　In the picture, reading the message of a ‘sale of the dead bodies” advertised on the billboard, the two people are deeply shocked。
　　8.使用主动语态
　　In the picture, the announcement on a billboard advertising a “sale of the dead bodies” shocks the two people reading it。
　　9.使用There be 结构
　　In the picture, there is an announcement on a billboard advertising a “sale of the dead bodies” and shocking the two people reading it。
　　10.使用倒装句
　　On a billboard is an announcement advertising a “sale of the dead bodies”. The two people reading it are being shocked。
　　11.使用定语从句
　　In the picture, the announcement on a billboard which advertises a “sale of the dead bodies” shocks the two people reading it。
　　12.强调句
　　In the picture, it is the announcement on a billboard advertising a “sale of the dead bodies” that shocks the two people reading it。
　　13.虚拟语气
　　In the picture, were it not for the announcement on the billboard advertising a “sale of the dead bodies”， the two people would not be so shocked。
　　四。尽量复杂作文中的句式
　　It is of considerable interest to observe in this bizarre caricature that a couple of citizens, reading an announcement issued on the billboard, are taken aback as a result of the astounding message which informs people of a “sale of dead bodies”。
　　句中使用的词组包括：be of considerable interest, a couple of, taken aback, as a result of, inform sb. of
　　长句采用的特殊语法包括：宾语从句+分词结构做插入语+分词作后置定语(issued)+被动语态+原因短语+定语从句。
　　以下是一些词语替换的例子，各位同学可以参考一下：
　　1.individuals, characters, folks替换people ,persons。
　　2.positive, favorable, rosy (美好的)，promising (有希望的)，perfect, pleasurable , excellent, outstanding, superior替换good。
　　3.dreadful, unfavorable, poor, adverse, ill (有害的)替换bad (如果bad做表语，可以用be less impressive替换)
　　Eg.：An army of college students indulge themselves in playing games, enjoying romance with girls/boys or killing time passively in their dorms. When it approaches to graduation, as a result, they find their academic records are less impressive。
　　4.an army of, an ocean of, a sea of, a multitude of ,a host of, many, if not most替换many。
　　注：用many, if not most 一定要小心，many后一定要有词。
　　Eg.：Many individuals, if not most, harbor the idea that…。同理用most…if not all 替换most。
　　5.a slice of, quiet a few 替换some。
　　6.harbor the idea that, take the attitude that, hold the view that, it is widely shared that, it is universally acknowledged that替换think (因为是书面语，所以要加that)。
　　7.affair ,business ,matter 替换thing。
　　8.shared 替代 common 。
　　9.reap huge fruits 替换get many benefits。
　　10.for my part ,from my own perspective 替换 in my opinion。
　　11.Increasing(ly)，growing 替换more and more( 注意没有growingly这种形式。所以当修饰名词时用increasing/growing。修饰形容词，副词用increasingly。)
　　Eg.sth has gained growing popularity. Sth is increasingly popular with the advancement of sth。
　　12.little if anything或little or nothing替换hardly。
　　13.beneficial, rewarding替换helpful。
　　14.shopper, client, consumer, purchaser 替换customer。
　　15.overwhelmingly,.exceedingly,.extremely, intensely 替换very。
　　16.hardly necessary, hardly inevitable ... 替换 unnecessary, avoidable。
　　17.indispensable替换necessary
　　18.sth appeals to sb, sth exerts a tremendous fascination on sb 替换sb take interest in / sb. be interested in。
　　19.capture one's attention替换attract one's attention。
　　20.facet, dimension, sphere代aspect。
　　21.be indicative of ,be suggestive of ,be fearful of代 indicate, suggest ,fear。
　　22.give rise to, lead to, result in, trigger 替换cause。
　　23.There are several reasons behind sth 替换..reasons for sth。
　　24.desire 替换want。
　　25.pour attention into 替换pay attention to。
　　26.bear in mind that 替换remember。
　　27. enjoy, possess 替换have(注意process是过程的意思)。
　　28.interaction替换communication。
　　29.frown on sth替换 be against , disagree with sth 。
　　30.to name only a few, as an example替换 for example, for instance。
　　31. next to / virtually impossible替换nearly / almost impossible。
　　32.regarding/concerning 替换about。
　　33.crucial/paramount 替换important。
　　34.第一(in the first place/the first and foremost)；第二(there is one more point ,I should touch on, that…。)；第三(the last but not the least)。
　　35. assiduous替换hard-working
　　36.arduous替换difficult
　　37.underdeveloped/financially-challenged 替换poor(因为poor通常含有贬义)
　　38.demonstrate /manifest 替换show
　　39.invariably 替换always
　　40.perilous/hazardous替换dangerous(写社会类作文时常用，说什么社会现象是不好的，有害的)
　　41.formidable 替换difficult
　　42.quintessential 替换typical(举例时常用，例如：a quintessential example should be cited that=for example; for instance)
　　43.distinguished 替换famous
　　44.feasible替换possible
　　45.consequently, accordingly替换so
　　丰富多变的句式让你的作文看起来专业而地道，那么从现在开始，请同学们随意选上两句话开始brainstorm，对这些句子搞个外科手术吧，挑战极限，一试身手，丰富多彩的语言一定会为你的作文加分不少！

