名师指导：7月24-26日雅思口语全国预测
　　最近真的有点忙,上课,接受采访,写书等,没想到打开邮箱昨天居然有40多封信,都是全国各地的考生要压题和答案,花了5个多小时的时间，从题库，机经以及以往经验，终于把24，26的考题整理出来了， 希望全国各地的雅思考生把下面的考题全部准备好，这次考试大部分都出自下面的考题(共14页)，运用我在课堂上讲过的第一部分的I+F原则，第二部分的TSE原则，以及第三部分的3大答题思路。加上压题和平时的3D训练法(详细看博客)，口语取得6.5以上是没有问题的。现在ETS在忙着安装硬件准备机考，但同学们放心，就算9月机考，肯定是有试点的，不可能全国统一开始，我觉得试点可能会是北京语言大学，那毕竟是雅思在中国的第一场考点，以及上海，广州等地方。无论怎样，吴慧冬老师会一直帮助和支持全国所有的雅思考生，征服雅思口语，力争6.5以上。
　　Part one: 
　　这一部分的考题是6月28，7月5和12日最重要也是在过去几次考试出现次数最高的，7月24，26的同学们一定要全部准备。这是最最重要。。。。
　　Do you love cooking , why?
　　who does the housework?
　　Do you live in a flat or house ?
　　what can you see from the windows?
　　What is special at your home?
　　What is on the wall at your home?
　　Is the environment of your home good for the children?
　　What evening activity do people do in your country?
　　Do you love reading?
　　What kinds of book do you like to read?
　　What are the benefits in reading?
　　What is your reading hobby?
　　How to get used to using internet quickly?
　　Which is the most attractive to you, TV, internet or books?
　　Will books be replaced by the E-books?
　　What is your way to get news, magazine, TV, or internet?
　　What qualities should a journalist have in news?
　　What abilities do you have if you were to be reporter?
　　Have you known some famous journalist?
　　Are people being affected by mass media, why?
　　what are the consequence if a newspaper office copy the news or report from other one and how to solve it ?
　　What are the pros and cons of teamwork or individual work?
　　What are the pros and cons of using internet and mobile phone?
　　How can internet and mobile phone can people’s life?
　　下面的考题是我对24号26号考试的预测。
　　Job/study
　　Are you student or working?
　　What kind of company are you working in?
　　What are the advantages and disadvantages of your job?
　　What do you want to learn in the future, why , who is going to teach you and the way of teaching?
　　Do you want to work in a big pool or small pool?
　　Do you think there should be a age-limit on job?
　　Is it easy for college student to get jobs?
　　What are the difficulties in getting jobs?
　　Why some eldly people get back to school for education?
　　Housework
　　Who does the housework in your family?
　　What housework do you like and dislike?
　　What changes are brought by modern technology into housework?
　　Teenager
　　What are the differences between the people nowadays and the past?
　　What are the attitudes of yougsters to the eldly?
　　Do peple go to the gym, what are the advantages of going there?
　　what sort of equipments are availble ?
　　what are the difference of sports now and in the past, are people aware of the importance of health?
　　What the meaning of your name , and is there any special celebration for naming the kid?
　　Music
　　What music do you like? Why?
　　What musical instrument do you like?
　　Are there any friends around you playing some instruments, like piano or guitar?
　　Have you ever listened to someone playing a musical instrument?
　　What musical instrument do you enjoy most and why?
　　Can you play any musical instrument?
　　Do you often go to the concert?
　　Shopping
　　Do you like shopping?
　　Who does the shopping in your family?
　　What do you often buy when you go shopping?
　　What don’t you like when you go shopping?
　　Where do you like to go shopping?
　　What style of shopping do you like?
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

