雅思71天倒计时基本功训练：过去分词作定语
　　Part I：单词与短语
　　unusual adj.非同寻常的，不一般的；Swiss n.瑞士的，瑞士人；passenger n.乘客；surprising adj.惊人的；land vt.着陆；ploughed land 耕过的土地；Birmingham n.伯明翰；lonely adj.孤独的；Welsh 威尔士，威尔士的；mountain n.山；fly vt.用飞机运载；roof n.屋顶；a block of一幢(楼)；on another occasion 另外一个场合；deserted adj.废弃的，被抛弃的；refuse vt.拒绝；island n.岛屿；dangerous adj.危险的
　　Part II：语法学习
　　过去分词作定语
　　过去分词的含义有两种：第一，表示已经做过了；第二，表示被动。
　　示例1：The taxi is a small Swiss aeroplane called Blue Bird.(called作定语，修饰aeroplane，它实际上是从这个完整的句子变来的：which is called Blue Bird；可见，它体现的是一种被动关系。在此，也请大家注意定语从句是怎么简化的，这一点很有用。)
　　示例2：It can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field.(ploughed作定语，修饰field；我们也可以把它还原为一个定语从句：…on a field which is ploughed)
　　示例3：On another occasion, he landed in a deserted car park.(deserted作定语，修饰car park；如果还原为定语从句，则是：which was deserted或：which had been deserted)
　　Part III：综合训练
　　Captain Ben Fawcett has (1 buy) an unusual taxi (2) has (3 begin) a new service. The ‘taxi’ is a small Swiss plane (4 call) a Pilatus Porter. This wonderful plane can carry seven passengers, (5) the most surprising thing about it, (6), is that it can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field. Captain Fawcett’s first passenger was a doctor (7) flew from Birmingham to a lonely village (8) the Welsh mountains. Since then, Captain Fawcett has flown passengers (9) many unusual places such (10) lonely islands (11) mountainous areas. Once he landed (12) the roof of a block of flats (13) on another occasion, he landed in a (14 desert) car park. He has just (15 refuse) a strange request (16) a businessman (17) wanted to fly (18) Rockall, a lonely island (19) the Atlantic Ocean, (20) Captain Fawcett did not take him (21) the trip was too dangerous.
　　答案：
　　(1) bought; (2) and; (3) begun; (4) called; (5) but; (6) however; (7) who; (8) in; (9) to; (10) as; (11) and; (12) on; (13) and; (14) deserted; (15) refused; (16) from; (17) who; (18) to; (19) in; (20) but; (21) because
　　Part IV：句型转换
　　将下面句子进行最大程度的合并：
　　1. Captain Ben Fawcett has bought an unusual taxi. He has begun a new service. 
　　2. The ‘taxi’ is a small Swiss plane. It is called a Pilatus Porter.
　　3. This wonderful plane can carry seven passengers. The most surprising thing about it, however, is that it can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field. 
　　4. Captain Fawcett’s first passenger was a doctor. He flew from Birmingham to a lonely village in the Welsh mountains.
　　5. Since then, Captain Fawcett has flown passengers to many unusual places. He has flown them to lonely islands and mountainous areas. 
　　6. Once he landed on the roof of a block of flats. On another occasion, he landed in a deserted car park. 
　　7. He has just refused a strange request from a businessman. The man wanted to fly to Rockall.
　　8. He once flew a man to Rockall. Rockall is a lonely island in the Atlantic Ocean. 
　　9. Another man wanted to fly to a lonely island in the Pacific. Captain Fawcett did not take him. The trip was too dangerous.
　　答案：
　　1. Captain Ben Fawcett has bought an unusual taxi and has begun a new service.
　　2. The ‘taxi’ is a small Swiss plane called a Pilatus Porter.
　　3. This wonderful plane can carry seven passengers, but the most surprising thing about it, however, is that it can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field.
　　4. Captain Fawcett’s first passenger was a doctor who flew from Birmingham to a lonely village in the Welsh mountains.
　　5. Since then, Captain Fawcett has flown passengers to many unusual places such as lonely islands, mountainous areas.
　　6. Once he landed on the roof of a block of flats and on another occasion, he landed in a deserted car park. 
　　7. He has just refused a strange request from a businessman who wanted to fly to Rockall.
　　8. He once flew a man to Rockall, a lonely island in the Atlantic Ocean. 
　　9. Another man wanted to fly to a lonely island in the Pacific, but Captain Fawcett did not take him because the trip was too dangerous.
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

