考试交流：08年四级英语考试巅峰阅读培训
　　略读(skimming)，指的是快速浏览全文的阅读方法。略读的对象是文章的开始段、结束段、每段的段首句和结尾句。文章内容的概括性陈述一般都在这些位置。 
　　略读的目的是：(1)了解文章的主题;(2)对文章的结构获得一个整体概念;(3)对各部分的内容获得一个粗略的印象;(4)对文章主旨做出判断。
　　对快速阅读而言，略读最重要的意义在于对各部分的内容获得一个粗略印象，以方便在寻读的迅速确定答案所在的部分或段落。
　　① 有小标题的文章
　　解题技巧 对于有小标题的文章，把握开头或结尾部分就把握住了文章的主题与写作目的。小标题相当于段落的主题句，把握住小标题就把握住了文章的主要内容。这些小标题在寻读时也显得格外重要，从题干中的定位信息可以快速找到相关的小标题(模糊定位)，再在小标题下的内容中查找就可以了(精确定位)。这对于提高作题速度非常有帮助。
　　【真题示例1】
　　….5.Protect your references.
　　If your resume contains a section with the names and contact information of your references,take it out.There’s no sense in safeguarding your information while sharing private contact information of your references..
　　Q:To protect your references,you should not post online their _______
　　【解析】name and contact information / private contact information。根据题干中的protect your references可以快速定位到小标题5下的内容。本段讲述的主要是是如何来保护自己的证明人。段中说的主要内容就是要把联系人的姓名和联系方式从网上拿下来
　　【真题示例2】
　　原文的几个小标题为： How Much Trash Is Generated;How Is Trash Disposed of ;What Is a Landfill;Proposing the landfill;Building the Landfill;What Happens to Trash in a Landfill;How Is a Landfill Operated
　　Q:The passage gives a general description of the structure and use of a landfill.
　　【解析】选Y。看文章的标题可知道全文主要描述的是垃圾填埋场的建设与使用。所以题干正确.
　　② 无小标题的文章
　　解题技巧 对于没有小标题的文章，需要把握文章开头或结尾部分来把握文章的主题与写作目的。更重要的是浏览每段的段首和段尾，对每一段的主题和内容获得一个粗略的印象。建议考生在浏览时将本段的主题词用笔圈出。这些主题词将起到小标题的作用。
　　【真题示例】
　　….Today,the interstate system links every major city in the U.S. and the U.S.with Canada and Mexico.Built with safety in mind,the highways have wide lanes and shoulders,dividing medians or barriers,long entry and exit lanes,curves engineered for safe turns,and limited access.The death rate on highways is half that of all other U.S.roads(0.86 deaths per 100 million passenger miles compared to 1.99 deaths per 100 million on all other roads)…
　　Q: In spite of safety considerations ,the death rate on interstate highways is still higher than that of ther American roads.
　　【解析】选N。本段讲的是告诉公路的安全问题，death rate是其中的一个关键词。根据题干中的关键词定位到这一段，再根据句中存在的比较关系再具体定位到段落的末尾处。原文说：“高速公路上的车祸死亡碧绿是其他路面上的一半”。所以题干说：“高速公路上的事故死亡率比其他路面上的高”是错误的。
　　即讲即练
　　In the UK it is estimated that work-related stress is responsible for six million days of sick leave a year,with stress being linked to many minor and major illnesses.
　　For most people,work is a significant and meaningful part of life with the majority of us spending aroun 25% of our adult lives owrking. While work can provide us with purpose, satistaction,sell-esteem and spending power,the workplace can also be a setting of stress and worry.
　　What is work-ralated stress?
　　Everyone is under some pressure in the workplace.Some external pressures can be a postive factor, helping us to be more productive.Some people actually thrive under short-term added pressure, and our bodies are designed to meet these short-term demands.Hormones are released to prepare us for a “fight of flight” response to demanding situations. However,excessive and prolonged stress can produce a range of physical and emotional health problems which have come to be grouped as “work-related stress”.
　　There is no single cause of work-ralated stress. While stress can be triggered by sudden, unexpected pressures, it is often the result of a combination of stressful factors which accumulate over time.Some people can become so used to the symptoms of excessive stress that it goes unnoticed to their detriment(危害).Most work-related stress is related to management of work, relationships at work,organizational set-up and whether you feel you have power and control in your work.
　　The experience of stress is different for every person. Some people are affected mor than others, so what is stressful for ome person may not be stressful for another. It can depend on your personality type and on how you have learned to respond to pressure.
　　It is impossible to escape pressure at work altogether, so it is important to learn how to manage stress. There are a number of ways in which you can reduce the negative impact of stress.
　　Changes at work
　　If work-related stress is affecting you, it is important to deal with the problem as soon as possible. One of the most important factors in reducing stress levels is managing time effectively. Prioritize tasks. Completing one task before going on to the next will help you to feel more in control of work.
　　Make time to relax at work by stretching and breathing deeply. This will help you to keep focused and prevent tired muscles. Simply ensuring you get outside for a walk during your lunch break can be helpful.
　　It is helpful to identify which situations stress you most. Practice how you could behave differently in tricky situations. Perhaps you need to be more assertive, or you need to learn to “take a step back” in tricky situations. It can seem hard to confront the causes of workplace stress and to ask for help. But sometimes, support and advice from your line manager or human resources department is necessary to help you deal with difficulties at work.
　　If you find talking about your concerns difficult, it may help to make notes to bring along to the work interview with you.Make these clear and specific. Try to remember that it is in everybody’s interest that the workplace is as stress-free as possible. 
    更多信息请访问：新浪英语考试频道 英语考试论坛 英语考试博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

