雅思49天倒计时基本功训练：主语从句
　　Part I：单词与短语
　　reward n.&vt.奖赏，报偿；virtue n.美德；get bad(动词结构)变坏，变得糟糕，(食物等)变坏；go on a diet 动词短语)节食；first of all首先；write out(动词短语)写出来，列出来；a long list of(某些东西的)一个长长的单子；forbid vt.禁止；forbidden 过去分词)禁止，禁止的；include vt.包括；butter n.黄油；potato n.土豆；sweets n.糖果；pay sb. a visit(动词短语)拜访某人；ring the bell(动词结构)按响门铃；as fat as ever肥胖依旧；lead sb. into…带某人进入。。。；hurriedly adv.匆匆忙忙地；hide[]vt.藏；obvious adj.明显的，显然的；embarrassed adj.尴尬的；guiltily adv.内疚地；explain vt.解释；strict adj.严格的；occasionally adv.偶尔地；contents s]n.内容；contain vt.盛着，装着；bar n.棍子，一条
　　Part II：语法学习
　　主语从句
　　概念解释：主语从句，顾名思义，就是主语是个句子。为了避免“1”的位置上显得过于沉重，英语中经常会用it来取代主语从句，而把主语从句后置。
　　示例：That he was very embarrassed was obvious.划线部分就是主语，用that引导，这样的摆放是不是让全句显得头重脚轻啊？所以，为了避免这一状况，我们使用it，即：
　　It was obvious that he was very embarrassed.
　　Part III：综合训练
　　My friend, Robert, has always been fat, (1) things got (2) bad recently (3) he decided to go (4) a diet. First of all, he wrote (5) a long list of all the foods (6) were forbidden. The list included butter, potatoes, rice, beer, milk, chocolate, and sweets—all the things (7) he loves. Yesterday, (8) my way home (9) work, I paid him a visit. I rang the bell (10) was not surprised (11) see (12) he was still as fat as ever. He led me (13) his room (14) hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk. It was obvious (15) he was very embarrassed. (16) I asked him what he was doing, he smiled guiltily (17) then put the parcel on the desk. He explained (18) his diet was (19) strict (20) he had to reward himself occasionally.Then showed me the contents (21) the parcel, (22) contained five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets!
　　答案：
　　(1) but; (2) so; (3) that; (4) on; (5) out; (6) which//that; (7) that；(8) on; (9) from; (10) and; (11) to; (12) that; (13) into; (14) and; (15) that; (16) When; (17) and; (18) that; (19) so; (20) that; (21) of; (22) which
　　Part IV：句型转换
　　将下面句子进行最大程度的合并：
　　1. My friend, Robert, has always been fat. Things got so bad recently that he decided to go on a diet.
　　2. He began his diet a week ago. He hoped to lose some weight.
　　3. First of all, he wrote out a long list of all the foods. These foods were forbidden.
　　4. He wrote out a long list of all the foods. The list included most of the things he loves.
　　5. The list included butter, potatoes, rice, beer, milk, chocolate, and sweets. These are all the things he loves.
　　6. Yesterday I paid him a visit. I was on my way home from work.
　　7. I rang the bell. I was not surprised to see that he was still as fat as ever.
　　8. He led me into his room. He hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk.
　　9. It was obvious that he was very embarrassed. I asked him what he was doing.
　　10. I asked him what he was doing. He smiled guiltily. He then put the parcel on the desk.
　　11. He explained that his diet was very strict. He had to reward himself occasionally.
　　12. Then he showed me the contents of the parcel. It contained five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets.
　　答案：
　　1. My friend, Robert, has always been fat, but things got so bad recently that he decided to go on a diet.
　　2. He began his diet a week ago, hoping to lose some weight.// Beginning his diet a week ago, he hoped to lose some weight.// He began his diet a week ago and hoped to lose some weight.
　　3. First of all, he wrote out a long list of all the foods which were forbidden.
　　4. He wrote out a long list of all the foods that//which included most of the things he loves.// He wrote out a long list of all the foods including most of the things he loves.// He wrote out a long list of all the foods and it included most of the things he loves.
　　5. The list included butter, potatoes, rice, beer, milk, chocolate, and sweets—all the things he loves.// The list included butter, potatoes, rice, beer, milk, chocolate, and sweets, which are all the things he loves.
　　6. Yesterday, on my way home from work, I paid him a visit.// Yesterday I paid him a visit while I was on my way home from work.// Yesterday, while I was on my way home from work, I paid him a visit.
　　7. I rang the bell and I was not surprised to see that he was still as fat as ever.// I rang the bell and was not surprised to see that he was still as fat as ever.
　　8. He led me into his room and hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk.// Leading me into his room, he hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk.// He led me into his room, hurriedly hiding a large parcel under his desk.
　　9. It was obvious that he was very embarrassed when I asked him what he was doing.// Obviously, he was very embarrassed when I asked him what he was doing.
　　10. I asked him what he was doing and he smiled guiltily and then put the parcel on the desk.// When I asked him what he was doing, he smiled guiltily and then put the parcel on the desk.
　　11. He explained that his diet was very strict and that he had to reward himself occasionally.// He explained that his diet was so strict that he had to reward himself occasionally.
　　12. Then he showed me the contents of the parcel and it contained five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets.// Then he showed me the contents of the parcel, which contained five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets.// Then he showed me the contents of the parcel, containing five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets.
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

