12月20日全国雅思考试口语押题
　　12月20日是今年最后的一次雅思考试了，也是最重要的，与两位北京的考官交谈过后知道英国，美国，加国和澳洲等部分高校的招生情况并不理想，原因一是学生的专业水平不够高，二是雅思成绩并没有达到要求，大使馆没法给签证，所以为了最后的冲刺，部分考官都会“放水”，每年的最后一次考试，雅思考试中的口语和写作这两门科门有很主观的因素，所以口语和写作的分数平均都会比以往的高，这个业内的同行应该都会知道，同学们要做的就是把我给大家讲过的TSE以及资料反复的练习好，内部资料是我经过大量的经验中总结出来的答题方法，同学们只要按照我的TSE方法去回答以及五大公式，7分应该问题不大。
　　Part 1：题库
　　Major
　　Hometown
　　Newspaper
　　Weather /season
　　Meals (food and cooking)
　　Sparetime/shopping/movies/
　　Swimming
　　Communication /cell phone/emails/letters
　　Accommodation/house/home
　　Reading
　　Museums/arts/drawing
　　最重点考题 Part2:
　　an old person/ someone who is good at cooking
　　Clothing for special occasion
　　A special thing you would like to buy in the future/ Something that helps you learn English/an electrical applicance
　　Advice(an important stage in your life)
　　An interesting story/news/ A letter you wrote or received
　　An sport event/A recent event that makes you happy
　　An animal
　　A place with water
　　An art
　　Some one you admire the most:(非常重点)
　　范文： 
　　Someone you Admire
　　Today I am going to talk about a great leader in sports; Michael Jordan. He is so famous that he is known by almost every young person in China. I first heard his name when 1 was in high-school. At that time, he led his team and took the throne of the NBA national championshipfor the fifth time. I admire him not only because he is a great player but also because I've learned a lot from him.
　　First, he is a great team leader, a team person. I've learned from him that to be truly successful in my life, I need to build a strong team, draw on its strength, and lead the whole to a greater height. I can’t be a lone-ranger, and second; Jordan has shown his great charisma as a leader. People, even his opponents, respect him, admire him, That teaches me that I must become a person that people follow me not because of what I do or have done, but because of who I am.
　　An electrical appliance 
　　T: I can not live without the useful equipments I am having, one of which I am in favor of is my little beauty, AIGO, an mp4 player.
　　S: let alone to say the magnificent appearance with white color and tiny shape , it’s usage that enriches my life. Well ,like other MP4s, it’s capacityis big enough to hold thousands of songs and hundreds of movies altogether. What is more important , an it can broadcast the radio and TV program alive, which are mainly about , the up to date news , fashion , sports and education, keeping me informed all the time.
　　E: wherever I go, on the street , subway or the bus, I will never let the time wasted and bring her with me , by whom I can enjoy my favoritegames, like basketball in the Olympics and listen to English program and watch movies to relax myself.
　　I love this newly-created electronic application, not only because it can accompany me, but also it can enrich my life.
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

