雅思17天倒计时基本功训练：综合训练
　　Part I：单词与短语
　　election n.竞选；former adj.前任的，从前的；Prime Minister 首相；lane n.弄堂；defeat vt. & n击败，失败；in the recent election在最近的选举中；retire from political life 退出政坛；fanatical adj.狂热的；opponent n.反对者；radical adj.急进的；progressive adj.进步的；on duty值班；ex-(前缀)前。。。(如：ex-wife，ex-girlfriend)；on the following day在接下来的一天，第二天；entrance n.入口；suspicious adj.怀疑的；the day after之后的一天；lose one’s temper (动词短语)发火
　　Part II：语法学习
　　没有新内容，从略。
　　Part III：综合训练
　　Mr. Wentworth Lane, the former Prime Minister, was defeated in the recent elections. He is now retiring (1) political life (2) has gone abroad. My friend, Patrick, has always been a fanatical opponent (3) Mr. Lane’s Radical Progressive Party. (4) the elections, Patrick went to the former Prime Minister’s house. (5) he asked (6) Mr. Lane lived there, the policeman on duty told him that (7) his defeat, the ex-Prime Minister had gone abroad. On the following day, Patrick went to the house again. The same policeman was just walking slowly past the entrance (8) Patrick asked the same question. (9) a little suspicious this time, the policeman gave him the same answer. The day after, Patrick went to the house once more (10) asked exactly the same question. This time, the policeman lost his temper. “I told you yesterday and the day before yesterday,” he shouted, “Mr. Lane was defeated in the elections. He has retired (11) political life (12) gone (13) live abroad!” “I know,” answered Patrick, “(14) I love to hear you say it!”
　　答案：
　　(1) from; (2) and; (3) of; (4) After; (5) When; (6) if; (7) since; (8) and; (9) Though//Although; (10) and; (11) from; (12) and; (13) to; (14) but
　　Part IV：句子翻译
　　1. 前首相Wentworth Lane先生在近期的选举中失利。他现正在退出政坛并已去了国外。
　　2. 我朋友Patrick一直是Mr. Lane的急进进步党的狂热反对者。选举后，Patrick去了前首相官邸。当他问Mr. Lane是否住在那儿时，值班警察告诉他自从落选后，前首相已经出国了。
　　3. 第二天，Patrick又一次去了官邸。还是那位警察正在缓缓走过入口，这时，Patrick问了相同的问题。虽然这次有点起疑心了，但这位警察还是给了他同样的回答。
　　4. 一天后，Patrick又一次去了官邸，问了一模一样的问题。这一次，警察发火了。“我昨天和前天都告诉过你，”他吼道，“Mr. Lane选举失利了，他退出了政坛，到国外生活去了！”“我知道，”Patrick回答道，“但我就是喜欢听你说这些！”
　　答案：
　　1. Mr. Wentworth Lane, the former Prime Minister, was defeated in the recent elections. He is now retiring from political life and has gone abroad.
　　2. My friend, Patrick, has always been a fanatical opponent of Mr. Lane’s Radical Progressive Party. After the elections, Patrick went to the former Prime Minister’s house. When he asked if Mr. Lane lived there, the policeman on duty told him that since his defeat, the ex-Prime Minister had gone abroad.
　　3. On the following day, Patrick went to the house again. The same policeman was just walking slowly past the entrance, when Patrick asked the same question. Though a little suspicious this time, the policeman gave him the same answer.
　　4. The day after, Patrick went to the house once more and asked exactly the same question. This time, the policeman lost his temper. “I told you yesterday and the day before yesterday,” he shouted, “Mr. Lane was defeated in the elections. He has retired from political life and gone to live abroad!” “I know,” answered Patrick, “but I love to hear you say it!”
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

