雅思阅读基本功难句过关：倒装句型
　　倒装句型难句列表
　　1. Halfway across the room, a small pistol in his hand, stood a man.
　　2. They do not seem to like one another very much, neither are they too keen on conventional people.
　　3. Down came the “white only” notices in buses, hotels, trains, restaurants, sporting events, rest rooms and on park benches that once could be found everywhere throughout the South.
　　4. Quite different is the outcome of successful insurrections like those of July 1830 and February 1848. 
　　5. Splendid is the architecture of Manhattan, the heart of the city, with its hundred and more skyscrapers.
　　6. Especially popular were his Sunday evening dinners, usually followed by musical performances.
　　7. Only in recent years have women begun to catch up with men in this area.
　　8. Worse perhaps was the idea of Saturday afternoon cricket; most of my friends would be enjoying leisure at that time.
　　9. But unpopular as red has been in the past, at the moment it is a favorite hair dye.
　　10. Only when he has lost his way does he realize that he wasn’t careful enough to make sure that he really did understand.
　　11. Only by becoming wealthier can countries correct these conditions.
　　12. Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
　　13. Out of our emotional experience with objects and events comes a social feeling of agreement that certain things and actions are “good” and others are “bad”.
　　14. Among the most promising and most thoroughly researched probiotics is the GG strain of Lactobacillus, discovered by Dr. Sherwood Gorbach and biochemist Barry Goldin, both at Tufts University School of Medicine. 
　　15. Only when total production expands faster than the rate of labor force growth plus the rate of productivity increase and minus the rate at which average annual hours fall does the unemployment rate fall.
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

