雅思信函写作开头结尾常用表达方式
　　以下是我的整理资料，基本上都是自己一个个字从电脑上打上去的，决不是随便从哪个网站上抄来的，请大家熟练背诵，书信写作的开头结尾部分再不是问题！ 　　
　　1. 一般开头
　　How is everything going with you? I am writing to extend my heart-felt thanks to you for …(感谢)
　　Thank you for your letter of February 8 informing me that I have been accepted by your college. But I must apologize to you for… (道歉)
　　I am writing to inform you that 。.. (通知)
　　I am writing to seek your assistance in… to request to（请求）
　　I am writing to express my views on … (建议)
　　I am writing in response to your… (回应)
　　I am writing to apply for the scholarship that your department offers to students from other countries. （申请）
　　I am writing to see if it is possible for you to provide me with information regarding…（咨询）
　　I am writing to express my disappointment/dissatisfaction about … to complain about …(抱怨)
　　I am writing to lodge a claim for the suitcase I lost on my journey to … (挂失)
　　I have learned from…that you are looking for …。 And I am writing to recommend …for the post.(推荐)
　　补充句型：I am writing this letter for the purpose of doing sth. (较为正式)
　　2. 表达感谢的句型
　　I am most grateful to you for your…
　　I am writing this letter to express my sincere gratitude for…
　　I would like to convey in this letter my heartfelt thanks for…
　　I feel greatly indebted to you for …。
　　I am writing to tell you how greatly I appreciate all you have done for me.
　　But for your kind assistance, I would have …
　　I must thank you again for your generous help.
　　My thanks to you for you generous help are beyond words.
　　Please accept my deepest gratitude.
　　3. 表达道歉的句型
　　I feel really sorry to you for …
　　I must apologize to you for…
　　I would like to express my deepest apology/regret for not being able to …
　　Had I …， I would have…
　　I want you to know how badly I feel about…
　　4. 一般结尾
　　Any favorable consideration on my application/requests will be highly appreciated.
　　I am looking forward to your favorable reply at your earliest convenience.
    更多信息请访问：新浪英语考试频道 英语考试论坛 英语考试博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

