雅思9天倒计时基本功训练：综合训练
　　Part I：单词与短语
　　balloon n.气球；make for(动词短语)冲向；the Royal Air Force 英国皇家空军；mystery n.谜，神秘；the control tower控制塔；spy on (动词短语)侦察；keep track of (动词短语)跟踪，追踪；object n.物体；circle vt.环绕；make out(动词短语)识别出；binocular n.双筒望远镜；soon afterwards之后不久；descend v.下降；call sb. in (动词短语)叫来(医生、警察等)；commanding officer 指挥官
　　Part II：语法学习
　　没有新内容，从略。
　　Part III：综合训练
　　A pilot noticed a balloon (1) seemed to be making (2) a Royal Air Force Station nearby. He informed the station at once, (3) no one there was able to explain the mystery. The officer in the control tower was very angry (4) he heard the news, (5) balloons can be a great danger to aircraft. He said that someone might be spying on the station (6) the pilot was ordered (7) keep track (8) the strange object. The pilot managed to circle the balloon for some time. He could make (9) three men in a basket under it (10) one of them was holding a pair of binoculars. (11) the balloon was over the station, the pilot saw one of the men (12 take) photographs. Soon (13), the balloon began to descend (14) it landed near an airfield. The police were called in, (15) they could not arrest anyone, (16) the basket contained two Members of Parliament and the Commanding Officer of the station! (17) the Commanding Officer explained later, one half of the station did not know what the other half was doing!
　　答案：
　　(1) which; (2) for; (3) but; (4) when; (5) for; (6) and; (7) to; (8) of; (9) out; (10) and; (11) When; (12) taking; (13) afterwards; (14) and; (15) but; (16) for; (17) As
　　Part IV：句子翻译
　　1. 一位飞行员发现一只似乎是向附近的皇家空军基地冲去的气球。他马上通知了基地，但那里没有一个人能够解开这个谜团。控制塔里的军官听到这条消息时非常恼火，因为气球可以给飞机造成巨大的危险。他说有人可能是在窥探基地，这位飞行员接到命令跟踪这个奇怪物体。
　　2. 飞行员设法围着气球转了一段时间的圈子。他可以识辨出气球下面的一个筐子里有三个人，其中的一个拿着一付望远镜。当气球飘到基地上空时，这位飞行员看见其中一人在拍照。没过多久，气球开始下降并降落在一个停机坪附近。
　　3. 警察被叫来了，但他们却不能逮捕任何人，因为篮子里装了两位议会议员和基地指挥官。正如指挥官之后解释的那样，基地一半的人不知道另一半的人在做着什么事情！
　　答案：
　　1. A pilot noticed a balloon which seemed to be making for a Royal Air Force Station nearby. He informed the station at once, but no one there was able to explain the mystery. The officer in the control tower was very angry when he heard the news, because balloons can be a great danger to aircraft. He said that someone might be spying on the station and the pilot was ordered to keep track of the strange object.
　　2. The pilot managed to circle the balloon for some time. He could make out three men in a basket under it and one of them was holding a pair of binoculars. When the balloon was over the station, the pilot saw one of the men taking photographs. Soon afterwards, the balloon began to descend and it landed near an airfield.
　　3. The police were called in, but they could not arrest anyone, for the basket contained two Members of Parliament and the Commanding Officer of the station! As the Commanding Officer explained later, one half of the station did not know what the other half was doing!
    更多信息请访问：新浪雅思频道 雅思论坛 雅思博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

