点拨一下：2009年4月份雅思写作预测
　　1 We can get knowledge from news, but some people think we can't trust the journalist. What do you think? What qualities should a journalist have?
　　2  Some people believe that a country becomes more interesting and develops faster when its population is mixed with different nationalities and cultures. To what extent do you agree or disagree with it?
　　3 Some people think that it is better for students to live at home with their parents, while others think they should live in school accommodations. What’s your opinion?
　　4 Food can be produced much more cheaply, because of improved fertilizers and better machinery. However, some methods may be dangerous for human health, and have negative effects on local communities. To what extent do you think its disadvantages outweigh its advantages?
　　5 Some children in rural places cannot have good schools and medical facilities. To improve this situation, some people suggest that new teachers and doctors should be sent to rural places for several years. Others, however, believe every one has the free right to choose where to work. Discuss both views and give your own opinion。
　　6 Some people think that in the morden society individuals are becoming more dendepent on each other，while others say that individuals are becoming more independent of each other. Discuss both views and give your own opinion。
　　7 The government is responsible for protecting a nation’s cultural identity. Thus, some people believe new buildings should be built in traditional styles. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
　　8 Scientific research should be carried out or controlled by government rather than private companies. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
　　9 Some people think the cheap air flight gives ordinary people more freedom. However, others think the cheap air flight should be banned because it pollutes the air and brings many other problems. Discuss both views and give your opinion。
　　10 Exposure to international media, e.g. films, TV and magazines, has an impact on the local culture. To what extent do you think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?
    更多信息请访问：新浪英语考试频道 英语考试论坛 英语考试博客圈
　　特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。

