考生必看：09年7月11日雅思写作真题解析
　　Task 1 表格 2 Tables
　　The tables below give information about a questionnaire of the local library's range of books and non-printed materials (e.g. computer software & DVDs) according to different age groups (under 14, 15-49, over 50). Summaries the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant。
　　小鹏哥的预测：
　　环保类话题：
　　The best way to solve the world’s environmental problems is to increase the cost of fuel. To what extent do you agree or disagree? 解决环境问题是否应该增加油价？
　　★ 语料库：
　　1. 私家车数量减少：decline of the private cars
　　2. 对于环境的危害降低：pose less threat to the environment
　　3. 研发新型环保能源：Measures should be taken to explore environmentally friendly fuels / eco-friendly fuels
　　4 加强环保意识：The public awareness of the importance of environmental protection should be promoted。
　　2009年7月11日实考作文题目：
　　Task 2 环保类
　　Some people think that companies and individuals, rather than governments, should pay to clean up the pollution that they have caused. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement
　　有人觉得企业和个人应该为他们造成的污染买单，政府不应买单，你是否同意？
　　小鹏哥解析：7月11日的考试题目为环保类话题和政府投资类话题的结合。(该题目与我的预测的类题目完全相同)提问角度是全新的，但是却是比较简单的一道题目，因为只要思考和准备过环境污染的原因，影响和解决途经，环保类话题无论如何提问都是可以以不变应万变。重视雅思考试真题的个性范文写作十分重要，如果烤鸭写过政府投资类话题的作文，知道支持和反对政府投资的通用理由。思考过环保是要政府，企业和个人共同负责，还要提高环保意识，加强国际合作，环保类话题是非常容易得高分的。
　　雅思题库中与环保相关的题目：
　　2009年2月21日
　　Some think that environmental problems are too big for individuals to solve, while others think the problems cannot solve unless individuals take some action. Discuss both views and give your opinion. 个人在环保中是否可以发挥作用？(环保类)
　　2008年9月13日：
　　Many people believe that it is important to protect the environment but they make no efforts on it. Why is the case? What is your advice for individual to protect it. 人们相信环保很是重要，但是却不努力保护环境，为什么，你的建议？(环保类)
　　2007年2月3日：
　　People think individuals are not able to improve the environment, only government and companies can make a difference. To what extent do you agree or disagree? 有人觉得个人不能改善环境，只有政府和企业才能解决，你是否同意？
　　小鹏哥语料库：(建议烤鸭写作个性范文)
　　① Government should work out some relevant laws and regulations to severely punish factories which produce a great number of pollutants and those who litter and spit deliberately. 政府制定法律和法规严惩排放废料的企业和吐痰以及倒垃圾的个人。
　　② large sums of money should be invested in the improvement of the environment, such as the treatment of waste water, rubbish recycling and so on 政府应该加大对于环保的投入，比如废水处理和垃圾再循环。
　　③ Large companies ought to establish the self-awareness to minimize the possibility of creating pollutants 企业应该将污染的可能降到最低。
　　④ efforts should be made to explore environmentally friendly fuel. 研发环保燃料。
　　⑤ It is everyone’s obligation to protect the environment 环境保护人人有责。
　　⑥ strengthen the consciousness of environmental protection加强环保意识。

