新东方：2009年10月10号雅思大作文点评
　　An increase in production of consumer goods results in damage of the natural environment. What are the causes and possible solutions?
　　首先理解consumer goods. 结合柯林斯Consumer goods are items bought by people for their own use, rather than by businesses
　　此题为环境问题类别，并且采用报告结构。可以参考02年06年考过的题目：
　　Many people believe that the human society has developed into a throw-away society, which is filled with plastic bags and rubbish. What are the causes and solutions?
　　解题思路：日用消费品生产增加导致了环境污染？东西生产出来了而且造成污染，我觉得主要还是在于到了消费者的手里之后发生的变化。
　　第一点原因：lower awareness of waste issues--- tend to dispose wastes whenever and wherever they consider convenient--- aggravate the pollution
　　人们环保意识不高，随意扔垃圾，会造成污染。
　　如何论证：举例子口香糖随地乱扔
　　To be more specific, throwing chewing gum arbitrarily may cause eternal pollution。
　　Detail: Sidewalk pollution
　　Seeing a piece of chewing gum, few people will pick that up. A majority of people just step on it, causing it to stick to the sidewalk or someone’s shoe, eventually leading to a sidewalk of pollution right under your own feet
　　How to handle this problem？
　　Follow the example of Singapore that enforced stricter rules regulating the discharging of refuse。
　　2) 第二点原因 Lack qualified staff who can cope with the processing of certain poisonous materials in consumer goods, which may eventually cause natural contamination。
　　缺乏可以处理污染源的专业人士。
　　如何论证：举例子
　　For example, to gut a fridge one needs to remove the foam first and capture ozone-depleting gases for which old fridges are notorious. However, the problem is that most people in the recycling business, except those in developed countries, don’t know how to tackle it。
　　How to handle this problem
　　背景：There are proper automated processes for further recycling in Europe。
　　所以可以建议欧洲国家做如下两件事
　　assist people in developing countries get familiar with the processing procedure/ provide more applicable devices
　　Stop exporting their own waste problems to disadvantaged countries because of the lack of equivalent treatment standards there。
　　以上第二点原因和解决方法笔者参考了Beijing Review 第52期中的文章Waste Not。笔者建议大家可以在课后多多关注一些时事杂志，里面有很多相关问题的原因探讨和解决方法。(苏州新东方考研组 邹燕萍)

