2009年12月英语六级作文预测范文十则
　　2009年英语六级作文预测范文第一篇：
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Why Do People Like to Buy Lotteries? You should write at least 150 words, and base your composition on the outline (given in Chinese) below:
　　1)目前社会上有许多人喜欢购买彩票
　　2)分析产生这种现象的原因
　　3)提出你的建议
　　【思路点拨】
　　本题属于提纲式文字命题。提纲第1点指出一种现象，提纲第2点要求分析产生这种现象的原因，提纲第3点要求“我”针对该现象给出建议，由此可判断本文应为现象解释型作文。
　　根据所给提纲，本文应包含以下内容：描述当前社会上人们热衷于购买彩票的现象；分析导致人们购买彩票的原因；针对购买彩票提出一至两点“我”的建议。
　　【参考范文】
　　Why Do People Like to Buy Lotteries?
　　Nowadays, there exist all kinds of lotteries in our society, such as welfare lottery, sports lottery, computer lottery, and so forth. Anyone, whether men or women, the young or the old, may buy lottery tickets. But why do so many people like buying them?
　　The following reasons can account for the popularity of lotteries. First of all, most people are trying their luck on lottery tickets. They have a long-cherished dream of making big money overnight. In addition, there are some people who want to make donation to public welfare by buying lottery tickets. Besides, some people buy them just for fun。
　　As far as I am concerned, there are some risks in buying lotteries. People never should count on making big money by buying lotteries. Furthermore, lotteries to some extent are similar to gambling, so people should not spend too much money and energy on them. In a word, people should keep a clear head when buying
　　2009年英语六级作文预测范文第二篇
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition on the topic Cyber Crimes. You should write at least 150 words, and base your composition on the outline (given in Chinese) below:
　　1)随着互联网的普及和应用，网络犯罪开始摆在世人面前
　　2)应该如何来打击和预防网络犯罪越来越成为人们必须要解决的一个难题
　　3)作为大学生，你应该怎么做？
　　【思路点拨】
　　本题属于提纲式文字命题。提纲第1点提出一个问题，提纲第2点指出解决该问题的紧迫性，提纲第3点要求谈谈大学生应该如何应对该问题，由此可判断本文应为问题解决型作文。
　　根据所给提纲，本文应包含以下内容：描述网络犯罪出现的背景及问题现状；指出解决网络犯罪问题的紧迫型，说明解决办法；从大学生的角度谈谈应该如何应对网络犯罪。
　　【参考范文】
　　Cyber Crimes
　　With the popularization of Internet, cyber crimes have become a serious problem facing us. Nowadays cyber criminals seem to be everywhere on the Internet. To illustrate, some commit fraud or lift intellectual property, others snatch passwords or disrupt e-commerce, and still others unleash viruses to crash computers. As a result, these crimes destroy network security greatly and make computer users suffer great losses。
　　However, we shouldn’t tolerate these cyber criminals any more. It’s high time for us to take effective measures to fight against cyber crimes. First, we should reinforce the cyber laws to punish cyber criminals strictly. Moreover, we should develop high techniques as soon as possible to improve intrusion detection and prevent cyber crimes. Besides, more talented people should be trained and more effective firewalls should be built up so as to make the net immune to all kinds of viruses。
　　As college students, we have responsibility to join the battle against cyber crimes. For one thing, we should not use others’ computers unless we get permission. For another, we should be honest to others on the Internet and not release or spread unreal information. In a word, it takes our common efforts to defeat cyber crimes。

