09年12月英语四级考前必背范文20篇
　　范文欣赏(一)
　　1.                         My First Day on the Campus
　　I still remember the day when I first came to the college. Being a boy of 17, I was longing for a new life as a college student; but, at the same time, I had no idea what college life would be like。
　　That morning when the bus carried me to the gate of the college. I was so excited that my heart was beating very fast as if it would leap out of my mouth. From now on, I would be a student of this college. After registration, we were led by an instructor to the dormitory, where, for the first time, we were going to live without parents but roommates. I was so clumsy that I did not know how to make the bed and fix the mosquito net。
　　In the afternoon, I took a walk around the campus together with my roommates. To think of studying in such a beautiful place made me feel quite proud of myself. As we were walking along, talking and laughing, a voice came into our ears, “Oh, look at these freshmen!” It was our middle-school-students’ looking that gave us away. We continued our tour of the college, inspecting every building and every garden until the sun began to set。
　　In the evening, we sat together, talking about the past and the future. We were so excited that no one wanted to go to bed。
　　2.                             Studying Abroad
　　Attending schools abroad has many advantages. In the first place, by looking at our own country from outside, we can best see the strong points and weak points of our nation and therefore widen our vision and broaden our minds. Second, while studying in a foreign country, we can travel widely, visiting famous scenic spots and making friends with the local people. Thirdly we can use the foreign language in our daily life so that our ability in the second language may be improved quickly. But the most important thing in attending a foreign university is to get acquainted with the latest knowledge in science and technology and make use of the first-rate facilities available. For all these advantages, it is really worthwhile to go abroad for education。
　　However, as everything has two sides, there are also some disadvantages in attending a foreign university. The most serious problem is the language barrier. Most of the students who are ready to go abroad do not adequate knowledge of the language spoken there. As a result, on arriving there, they will find it difficult to understand what the instructors are saying. Besides, for lack of knowledge of the customs and way of life of the local people, they may run into trouble in dealing with various situations. Therefore, misunderstandings often arise. Furthermore, the cost of living is much higher than that in our country, so most students have to find part-tine jobs in order to help support themselves. Faced with these difficulties, many students find themselves unable to pay full attention to their studies and some students may even fail in their courses and learn little。
　　Therefore, given an opportunity to attend a school abroad, one must consider both sides of the factors carefully before making up his mind. On the whole, it is a good thing to go and study abroad particularly when the subject is very weak or not available in our country. But on the other hand, one must not lose sight of the disadvantages。
　　3.                  Is the Expansion of Enrollment a Good Thing?
　　Many colleges and universities have expanded their enrollment since 1998. The reasons for the expansion are as follows. Firstly, they want to keep up with the need of the job market to produce more qualified people to take up the jobs. Secondly, the expansion has entitled many high school graduates to the right of receiving higher education. Last but not least, it can raise the intellectual standards of our nation。
　　However, studies show that the trend to expand has brought about many problems. For instance, the teaching facilities and accommodation capacities of many colleges and universities are limited and are unable to meet the demand of an ever-increasing number of the newly enrolled students. On the other hand, the average quality of the freshmen is declining. In the long run, hunting for a job will be a tough thing for the graduates and that will inevitably exert much pressure on the prospects of employment。
　　In spite of all this, I am still confident that the expansion of enrollment is of great benefit to our society and is a good thing. With the development of our national economy, the problem as mentioned above will be solved if proper measures are taken。
　　4.  1.目前社会上有不少假冒伪劣商品(fake commodities)。为什么会有这种现象？
　　2.举例说明假冒伪劣商品对消费个人、社会等的危害。
　　Harmfulness of Fake Commodities
　　Nowadays in the society, there are enormous fake commodities. When you go to the supermarket, you may buy some fake food commodities. When you go to the pharmacist’s, you may buy some fake medicine。
　　The deep root of this phenomenon lies in someone’s greed for money. In order to get a large amount of money in a short time, they try every means to produce fake commodities, without any regard for other people’s benefit and health。
　　Fake commodities can do great harm to both consumers and society. For example, when a person bought fake medicine, it was useless in curing his disease and really a waste of money. Sometimes fake medicine can even cause death. Fake commodities are usually sold in a lower price. It causes unfair competition in the market economy and puts the whole society in disorder。
　　5.  Don’t Hesitate to Say “No”
　　1.别人请求帮助时，在什么情况下我们会说“不”
　　2.为什么有些人在该说“不”的时候不说“不”
　　3.该说“不”时不说“不”的坏处
　　To help those who are in need is always regarded as a traditional Chinese moral. However people have to know well what the need is before the help is offered. When the need is just for some minority’s benefit and against most people’s interests, or when it is immoral or unlawful, people should not hesitate to say No. Otherwise they will put themselves into trouble。
　　Unfortunately, there are so many such examples around us that people end up their leadership in jail or bury their glory in shame simply because they don’t’ say “No” while they should. Some people are reluctant to say “No” in front of all kinds of briberies as they want to swamp their power for money. They can’t resist the temptations of accumulating wealth in a fast but illegal way. For their own good and their friend’s favor, these people would sacrifice millions of RMB Yuan for an unproportional commission and therefore stake there future on scales of law. Other people don’t say No because of misinterpreted friendship and lack of sense of law. They never hesitate to do whatever their friends ask them to do. They believe they are helping their friends even when they are actually violating the law or local regulations. Such people will also be punished according to the degree of their misbehavior。
　　Therefore, to help is not always doing good. People should learn to say a No when the help might hurt other people’s interests。
　　6. A Letter to the University President about the Canteen Service on Campus
　　假设你是李明，请你就本校食堂的状况给校长写一封信，内容应设计食堂的饭菜质量、价格、环境、服务等，可以是表扬，可以是批评建议，也可以兼而有之。
　　January 12. 2002
　　Dear Mr. President,
　　My name is Li Ming. I am a sophomore of the law school. As the school year is drawing to a close, I venture to write a letter to you about the canteen service on campus which has given rise to much complaint among students。
　　The focus of the complaint is the poor quality of the food. The rice is just like bullets and the buns are like hand grenades. They are too hard for us to chew. And the vegetables are so overcooked as to lose their nutrients. The fish and meat are not given full measure. The only thing we are satisfied with is the free soup. However, the price of the food is surprisingly high. If we have 3 meals all in the canteen, at least twelve yuan is gone to keep our body and soul together. As a result, many of us go out to have meals。
　　Honestly speaking, the dining environment has been improved, with the wall painted and some Chinese calligraphy works posted up. But there are only two canteens on the campus. As the number of students is ever increasing, there is not enough space and seats to allow us to have our meals there. The attitude of the service staff to the students is not hospitable at all。
　　All in all, there is still much room for improvement as far as the canteen service is concerned. I hope we will not suffer for another two years。
　　Best regards。
　　Sincerely Yours
　　Li Ming
　　7. For this part, you are allowed thirty minutes to write a composition on the topic: Student Use of Computers. You should write at least 120 words, and base your composition on the chart and the outline given below:
　　1.上图所示为1990年、1995年、2000年某大学生使用计算机的情况，请描述其变化；
　　2.请说明发生这些变化的原因(可从计算机的用途、价格或社会发展等方面加以说明)；
　　3.你认为目前大学生在计算机使用中有什么困难或问题。
　　Average number of hours a student spends on the computer per week
　　Student Use of Computer
　　Since 1990, there has been tremendous growth in the use of computers by students. While in 1990, the average number of hours a student spent on the computer was about one hour per week, this number grew to nearly four hours per week by 1995, and to approximately 20 hours per week by the year 2000.
　　This significant growth in the use of computers by students in the 1990’s can be attributed to several factors, including widespread usage, lower prices, and technological and social developments. Nowadays, computers are widely used by students for word processing, book keeping, multimedia presentations, and access to the Internet for both research and communications. Additionally, since 1990, due to competition and technological advances, computer hardware and software prices, as well as Internet usage charges have dropped significantly. Finally, technological developments and changes in social habits in the 1990’s have played a major role in this tremendous growth in the use of computers. Today’s society relies heavily on computers for immediate access to the news and for entertainment, including, listening to music, watching movies and sport events, and playing computer games。
　　While computers are of great assistance to the students, and therefore, are indispensable tools, they also pose some challenges. The biggest challenge that many students face is discipline in the use of this powerful device. That is, students need to have the discipline of not allowing themselves to be lured by the entertaining aspects of this wonderful tool—aspects that can result in addiction to computer games or viewing of undesirable material on the Internet. That is to say, students need to use this powerful tool with great wisdom!   

