2010年7月GMAT考试写作机经
　　701
　　AA1:是说在家工作好还是在office工作好，举了三点原因 1、容易受干扰 2、消息不灵通 3、容易懈怠
　　AA2：The following appeared in a memorandum from the Director of Human Resources to the executive officers of Company X。
　　“Last year, we surveyed our employees on improvements needed at Company X by having them rank, in order of importance, the issues presented in a list of possible improvements. Improved communications between employees and management was consistently ranked as the issue of highest importance by the employees who responded to the survey. As you know, we have since instituted regular communications sessions conducted by high-level management, which the employees can attend on a voluntary basis. Therefore, it is likely that most employees at Company X now feel that the improvement most needed at the company has been made。
　　AI1：“Technology ultimately separates and alienates people more than it serves to bring them together。”
　　AI2：“Since the physical work environment affects employee productivity and morale, the employees themselves should have the right to decide how their workplace is designed。”
　　702
　　AA1：The following appeared as part of an article in the education section of a Waymarsh city newspaper。
　　"Throughout the last two decades, those woho earned graduate degrees found it very difficult to get jobs teaching their academic specialties at the college level. Those with graduate degrees from Waymarsh University had an especially hard time finding such jobs. But better times are coming in the next decade for all academic job seekers, including those from Waymarsh. Demographic trends indicate that an increasing number of people will be reaching college age over the next 10 years: consequently, we can expect that the job market will improve dramatically for people seeking college-level teaching positions in their fields"
　　AA2：The following appeared in the editorial section of a West Cambria newspaper。
　　“A recent review of the West Cambria volunteer ambulance service revealed a longer average response time to accidents than was reported by a commercial ambulance squad located in East Cambria. In order to provide better patient care for accident victims and to raise revenue for our town by collecting service fees for ambulance use, we should disband our volunteer service and hire a commercial ambulance service。”
　　AI3：June sales reach to highest level this year Febrary sales lower because advertisements on luxury automobiles models or on inexpensive models。
　　AA4:The following appeared in a memorandum from the Director of Human Resources to the executive officers of Company X。
　　“Last year, we surveyed our employees on improvements needed at Company X by having them rank, in order of importance, the issues presented in a list of possible improvements. Improved communications between employees and management was consistently ranked as the issue of highest importance by the employees who responded to the survey. As you know, we have since instituted regular communications sessions conducted by high-level management, which the employees can attend on a voluntary basis. Therefore, it is likely that most employees at Company X now feel that the improvement most needed at the company has been made。”
　　(删除，同702-AA2)AA5：The following appeared in the editorial section of a West Cambria newspaper。
　　“A recent review of the West Cambria volunteer ambulance service revealed a longer average response time to accidents than was reported by a commercial ambulance squad located in East Cambria. In order to provide better patient care for accident victims and to raise revenue for our town by collecting service fees for ambulance use, we should disband our volunteer service and hire a commercial ambulance service。”
　　Discuss how well reasoned... etc。
　　AA6：“There is a common misconception that university hospitals are better than community or private hospitals. This notion is unfounded, however: the university hospitals in our region employ 15 percent fewer doctors, have a 20 percent lower success rate in treating patients, make far less overall profit, and pay their medical staff considerably less than do private hospitals. Furthermore, many doctors at university hospitals typically divide their time among teaching, conducting research, and treating patients. From this it seems clear that the quality of care at university hospitals is lower than that at other kinds of hospitals。” 有一种普遍的错误观念认为大学医院比社区或私人医院更好。这个想法是无根据的，我们地区的大学医院较之私人医院，少雇15%的医生，对患者的治愈率要低20%，总体利润要小得多，给一户员工的待遇比私人医院低很多。而且，很多大学医院的医生将他们的时间分为教学，直到研究和看病几部分。从此可明显看出大学医院的服务质量比其他医院低。
　　AI1："People have a duty to disobey laws that they consider unjust."
　　AI2：“Too many people think only about getting results. The key to success, however, is to focus on the specific task at hand and not to worry about results。”
　　AI3：“Technology ultimately separates and alienates people more than it serves to bring them together。”
　　AI4：“Since the physical work environment affects employee productivity and morale, the employees themselves should have the right to decide how their workplace is designed。
　　AI5：技术革新和市场需求变化导致员工被淘汰，作者认为应该由员工独自承担适应这种变化的责任，企业和政府不需承担任何义务。

