2011年4月2日雅思作文真题第一时间评析
　　【考试题目】
　　Many people think cheap air travel should be encouraged because it gives ordinary people freedom to travel further. However, others think this leads to environmental problem, so air travel should be more expensive in order to discourage people from having it. Discuss both views and give your own opinion。
　　【题目翻译】
　　很多人认为我们应当鼓励廉价的飞机旅行，因为它给了普通人远行的自由。然而，另外一些人则认为这会导致环境问题，因此飞机旅行应当更加昂贵，以便减少人们的使用。谈论双方观点更给出你自己的观点。
　　【关键词分析】
　　cheap air travel
　　本题不是简单的飞机旅行的利与弊，而是问飞机旅行是否应当廉价。
　　【话题分类与题型】
　　本题是旧题，与2008年6月14日的考题完全相同，与2010年4月10日的考题也几乎一致(见下)。属于科技类与环保类的混合话题，题型为Discursive(Argumentation)。值得一提的是，最近考老题的次数较多，上一次考试(2011年3月19日)的考题与2008年11月15日的完全相同，因此提醒各位考生一定要重视对历年考题的复习。有意思的是，今天欧洲考区的话题同样是科技类与环保类的混合题型，同样是2008年的考过的旧题。题目是科技改变农产品产量与质量的利弊(详见本文最后)。
　　【话题评价】
　　环保类写作话题题库中有一个小分支是关于“交通工具”的。从2003年至今，这个分支话题共出现8次，其中2次是问汽车的利弊，6次飞机是否应该被限制(其余4道话题见下)。这些话题的基本思路都是相同的，缺点主要从环保角度去考虑。当然每个话题有不同的侧重点，同学需要认真对待。
　　【类似真题】
　　1. Some people think the recent increase in cheap air travel brings benefits, while other people think it has drawbacks to the environment and the world's resources. Discuss both views and give your opinion. (100410)
　　2. Some people believe that air travel should be restricted because it causes serious pollutionand uses up the world’s fuel resources. To what extent do you agree or disagree? (060218)
　　3. One long-distance flight consumes fuel which a car uses in several years’ time, but they causethe same amount of pollution. So some people think that we should discouragenon-essential flights, such as tourist travel, rather than to limit the use of cars. To what extent do you agree or disagree? (060325, 080405)
　　【结构与思路】
　　本文属于Discuss both views and give your opinion题型，因此双方的观点必须都提及，缺一不可。但是结论上未必要折中，如果要支持一方的话，则选择驳斥另外一方即可。
　　【参考范文】
　　Air travel, once a privilege of the wealthy, has been gaining popularity worldwide over the last few decades. The number of people traveling by air has been growing by leaps and bounds. Some environmentalists, however, propose that air travel be limited, on the ground that it may give rise to a series of problems, including pollution and exhaustion of the world’s valuable energy resources. To my mind, it does not make much sense to restrict air travel。
　　The most important and obvious reason is that no other vehicle can travel as fast as an airplane. In other words, air travel may be the only and easiest option when it comes to long-distance trips. For example, if a student from China wishes to go to the United States for further studies, the only means of transportation that could send him to the destination is undoubtedly the plane. Also, for people traveling on a regular basis, such as those engaged in transnational business, air travel would mean less time on the road. This will certainly enable them to better prepare for their future tasks, such as business negotiations, both mentally and physically。
　　In addition, air travel offers the comfort that cannot be found elsewhere. Most people, who have the experience of traveling by air, are bound to miss the snacks and drinks served on board, as well as the smiles on the faces of flight attendants. In some cases, you could even enjoy a favorite movie while on a plane, completely unaware that you are hundreds of thousands of feet above ground。
　　Last but not least, it is important to bear in mind that air travel is simply a personal choice and should be respected. This clearly means that any attempt to restrict air travel would be seen as a violation of human rights and is both groundless and unjustified。
　　In summary, despite the various problems arising from air travel, it should not be limited or eliminated. What we should do is to give full play to the function of air travel, by maximizing its benefits while trying to come up with practical solutions to the existing problems, such as developing fuel-efficient airplanes and alternative energy resources. (367 words)
　　【其它考题】
　　A类 Task 1
　　Line graph 曲线图：每天游客去一天平均去museum的人的数量在winter 和summer早上到晚上的比较。
　　G类 Task 1 友情信
　　与你失去联系的朋友，你又拿到他的新地址了，写信给他。 告诉他：
　　1. 新的地址在哪儿，
　　2. 为什么写信给他，
　　3. 问他一些关于他的信息。
　　Task 2 话题：生活方式类 题型：Combo
　　Nowadays, large shops have replaced privately-owned shops. Why is it? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?
　　类似话题：Nowadays, local shops have been replaced by large supermarkets. Do you think its advantages outweigh the disadvantages? (081213)
　　欧洲考区 A类 Task 2
　　话题：科技+环保 题型：Discursive (Argumentation) 与2008年7月12日亚太考区考题相同
　　Some people support the developments in agriculture such as factory farming and creations of new types of fruits and vegetables, while others oppose this view. Discuss both views and give your opinion。
　　本题可围绕转基因食品来展开，注意转基因食品的说法：genetically modified food (简称GM food)
　　关于转基因食品的利与弊，请访问维基百科：http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetically_modified_food

