围观：吴彦祖示范雅思满分口语
　　雅思口语最纠结有木有！？家乡啊、人生啊、目标啊神马的简直不知道咋回答有木有！？但各位MM，如果是大帅哥吴彦祖亲自来示范满分雅思口语，乃是不是会对这个考试重新充满希望捏？
　　雅思常见的口语题目一："Describe a place which gives you the deepest impression?"
　　【正常答案】
　　There is a park in front of school. I always go there and play with my friends. It has a basketball court. After 4 pm, there would have a lot of people. And also there would have some games at weekends. That is my favorite park。
　　【帅哥答案】
　　One place I go often now is South Africa. And I'm not talking about Johannesburg or Cape Town. I stay in a place that is a farm country. Big big open land and big big open skies.The place that I stay is a traditional African hut. Inside is very comfortable, but no electricity. So the challenge there is try to learn how to live without thecreature comforts you're used to, like a computer,like a TV, cell phone. It's really good for me because, especially my lifestyle here in HK can be very spoiled sometimes. Everybody wants to give you the best things, you always have the best things. But, can you live as a basic human being, can you live without all that staff。
　　现在我经常去的地方是南非，我指的并不是约翰内斯堡或开普敦。我住在有农场的乡村里。这里有大片大片的地和蓝天。我所住的地方是典型的南非小屋，里面非常舒适，但是没有电。所以对我来说，抛弃曾经便利的生活条件来适应这里的生活，的确是个挑战。比如像电脑，电视，手机这类物品。这对我来说真的很不错，因为尤其在香港，我有时会受到宠爱。每个人都想给你提供最好的东西，你也总是有最好的东西。但是，我可以过一种简单的普通人生活吗？离开这些我可以生存下来吗？
　　I think these kind of things push me or challenge me to expand my horizons. Because the problem with being in the same place always in the same time is your world becomes smaller, but what I do is as soon as I finish working on a movie or when I have time to relax or travel, I'll go away in travel and try to go to somewhere new or some place different and try to experience something I'd never experience in my home. That's the main reason why I do it, to push my mind and try to challenge myself to see the world in a different way。
　　我认为这种生活方式可以帮助我扩大我的视野。一直生活在相同的地方会使你的世界变得狭小，因此，每当我拍摄完电影或是有时间放送或旅游时，我会立刻出去旅游，去一些从未去过的地方，或是和我在这里感觉不同的地方。这就是我为什么这么做的原因，帮助我用另一种眼光看世界。
　　雅思常见口语题目二：“What do you learn from your job/major?”
　　【正常答案】
　　I master a lot of skills and know how to deal with different situations, I feel a great sense of satisfaction。
　　【帅哥答案】
　　But really what it is, is to just broaden your horizons and to look at the world in a wider perspective. I think acting gives me the opportunity to explore that much more. But what I really need to do when I'm not acting is to go out in the world and absorb all that information. I keep them in my mind, my library for when I can use them again when I'm acting.I think in my field, in my business, you come across barriers and challenges everyday, and to be able to have the peace of mind, to calmly look at the whole situation and learn how to make decisions off that is the most important. I think nowadays it's very hard for people to be in the moment. You are always thinking what I got to do next, what happened yesterday, but what's happening in front of you are enjoying that moment in front of you, that's the most important thing. And that's what we try to do in acting。
　　演戏可以扩大我的视野，用更广阔的视角看世界。我认为，演戏给我提供了很多探索世界的机会。但是，当我不演戏时，我真正需要的是出去看世界，获取各种信息。我将它们储存在我的大脑中，当我演戏时我可以从这个“图书馆”中提取信息。在我看来，每个人每天都会面对各种各样的困难和挑战，如何做到用平和的心冷静地看待全局以及做出抉择，这才是最重要的。我认为，现在的人们已经很难活在当下了。人们总是考虑着未来，惦记着昨天，而如何享受好现在，活在当下却是最重要的。这也是我在演戏时想要传达的东西。
　　雅思常见口语题目三：“what is your goal in life?"
　　【正常答案】
　　I am an university student. Now I am majoring in medicine. In the future, I will be a doctor. To be an excellent doctor is my dream. Because I don't want to see that people surffer from sick and nothing can do to help them。
　　【帅哥答案】
　　It's not necessary about going to a certain place or arriving at a certain goal in life. The important thing is about what you learn along the way in that journey and to always keep your mind open about what you see before you get to the destination. Because your destination may not be important, it's about the experiences along the way and how itenriches you as a human being. So whether it's travelling or whether it's your life in general, to always remember to"smell the roses" to appreciate what's happening around you not just focusing on just the end or just the goal. Life will make its turns and you just have to learn to go with the flow and learn how to be ready for that, for every moment that changes in front of you。
　　其实，没有必要去设定自己未来的发展方向或是目标。重要是在到达终点的过程中你学到了什么，如何敞开你的心门。因为你的终点或许并不重要，重要的是一路上你收获到的经验以及更丰富的人生。所以，不论是旅行还是日常生活，要记住“赠人玫瑰，手有余香”的道理，欣赏周遭发生的事而不是将结局或目标作为关注点。人生总是波涛起伏，你要学的是随波逐流，如何做好准备随时面对迎面而来的挑战。

