2012年3月考生必看：2011年9月PETS-3考情分析
　　2011年9月24日，全国公共英语等级考试如期举行。随着这项考试在社会上的认可度日益增加，每次考生的人数也不断刷新。紧张的考试已经结束了，根据教育考试院的安排，成绩要50个工作日后方可揭晓。在此，我们请华浦教育英语部的PETS名师，给大家点评一下此次PETS三级的考试情况，对于准备参加2012年3月份考试的学生来说，必然大有帮助。
　　Part 1 Listening Comprehension
　　l         听力分析：此次听力题目中，生词不多，主要侧重于习惯用语、动词短语的考核。
　　例如：
　　1 1 What are the speakers talking about ?
　　A movie
　　B review
　　C Tv program
　　D football game
　　原文：
　　What do you think of the movie? It's disappointing. We should have watched the football game。( 考点：should have +P.P)
　　●此外，日常生活场景，如机场，酒店，购物等特定用语，也是考生要密切注意的。
　　3 Why does the man choose to go by air?
　　A trains are too full
　　B Buses take a long time
　　C It costs less
　　D It fits the schedule
　　原文：
　　…… Go to the summer camp; why do you fly? Buses and trains don't run. My schedule is full。
　　●4篇短文理解中，第一篇谈及Black food is new in America. .In Asia, It has been popular…
　　people believe it's healthy…。第二篇是作者生活背景的介绍，I didn't remember clearly where I was born, because my family moved a lot to look for work…. Possibly , I was born in Queensland…第三篇的话题，相信很多考生并不陌生，谈到的是求职问题I can't seem to find a job. I have handed my resumes to 20companies and got only 2 interviews…同样的，第四篇的主题也是比较熟悉的内容---旅游，不过这篇文章主要是设计旅游中的支付问题It's a good idea to have some travel money, such as credit card and travellers' checks, Most cards can be drawn at ATMS。。
　　Part 2 Cloze test
　　这篇完形填空依然是重点考核词汇，所以建议考生平日里要注意词汇量的积累。
　　现挑选一些典型词汇，如下：
　　Concluded (推论)；furthermore(此外)；quote(引用)；forecasting
　　(预测)； assuming(假设)；overestimates (过高估计)；contrary to(于。。相反)；accomplish(完成)
　　Part 3 Reading Comprehension
　　今年的阅读材料都带有一定的议论性质，侧重考生对社会现象的理解。其中很多材料类似于国外报刊杂志的表述，从今年的形势看，仅有词汇量很难做好阅读。
　　另外阅读理解篇幅日益增加，现场有些考生在这个部分的时间超过1小时，导致后面的作文，无法认真完成。
　　1  主题：饮食发展趋势
　　Kearen and ken Mullins, a young professional couple in Cleverland own fifty cook books and two full- equiped kitchen in their house. Yet they rarely cook their meals.Instead, on their way home from work ,they usually stop at a supermarket and choose two portions of meat loaf and a container of ready served potatoes. 'My job', said Karen is to pour the salad from the bag'。
　　……. It is not entirely a question of the time, the take -out fashion is fueled, partly in the popularity of foods like sushi, whichAmericans are unlikely to make at home. Take out fills another need as well, for the atmosphere of a home cooked dinner。
　　2  主题：选美
　　I switched on TV and they were again, the next crop of Miss world candidates,the same practised smiles, the same waving hands the same hosts and the same...。。
　　The show goes on ,no time to enjoy the glory of last titles. It's time to prepare for the next。
　　3 主题：多样化
　　The first rule stepping up your luck is looking for varieties. Most varieties will result in a richer life with more opportunities. The more varied life is , the more events will occur and more chances to improve your situation。
　　4  主题：现代人对于Facebook的个人不同观点
　　Helen Smith
　　….. It makes me more interested in computers,web design and career choices they offer…。
　　Kevin Stuart
　　……How sad that our society is so isolated and we need a computer to connect with others …。。
　　Robot Mayer
　　……. these people feel free to lay bare their private lives to public exposuere on facebook? Pahaps it reveals the shallow mind of shallow lives…。。
　　James Brown
　　…. I could see my nieces coming from college only to find them face with facebooks all day…。
　　Laura Lee
　　….. I will better understand the appeal of face book and large community of friends. …。
　　Part 4 Composition
　　分析：　小作文主要是传统的道歉信。　大作文有一定的难度，是涉及到自然环境的沙漠化，考场上不少考生没有理解作文的含义。
　　Composition 1
　　You have promised to give a sample of a product in person to John Smith, but you can't go, because you have to attend a meeting. Please write a letter of apology to John Smith。
　　Composition 2
　　The graph shows the spread of desertification in an area. Please write a composition according to the graph。
　　口试：
　　前面的一些问题和以往是类似的。涉及领域有hometown, family, job and study, spare time 等。
　　讨论1
　　Suppose you have a travel next month and you might go to 1 village 2 city 3 mountain 4 beach, try to talk with your partner where you would like to go。
　　论述1
　　Two boys are smoking in a hotel
　　论述2
　　Some children volunteers are collecting rubbish
　　论述3
　　Spots appear on a girl's face after she used the new kind of cream
　　其中第三个论述图片较难，三人一组的考生中，抽到这个题目的同学未能理解该题目的意思。

