写好托福作文结尾段的四条“金科玉律”
　　如何写好托福作文的开头是许多考生所关注的，但是结尾段也同样重要，一个好的作文结尾也会给文章增色不少。今天我们就来说说托福写作结尾段的四大注意事项：
　　重申立场
　　重申立场+总结理由
　　让步+重申立场
　　重申立场+引申扩展
　　引申扩展包括：
　　强调反对派立场会带来的后果
　　展望未来问题的前景
　　强调重要性
　　一、重申立场
　　“It is difficult for people to achieve professional success without sacrificing important aspects of a fulfilling personal life。”
　　In conclusion, given the growing demands of career on today’s professionals, a fulfilling personal life remains possible by working smarter, by setting priorities, and by making suitable career choices。
　　二、重申立场+总结理由
　　“Since science and technology are becoming more and more essential to modern society, schools should devote more time to teaching science and technology and less to teaching the arts and humanities。”
　　In conclusion, schools should not devote less time to the arts and humanities. These areas of study augment and enhance learning in mathematics and science, as well as helping to preserve the richness of our entire human legacy while inspiring us to further it. Moreover, disciplines within the humanities provide methods and contexts for evaluating the morality of our technology and for determining its proper direction。
　　三、让步+重申立场
　　“Job security and salary should be based on employee performance, not on years of service. Rewarding employees primarily for years of service discourages people from maintaining consistently high levels of productivity。”
　　In the final analysis, the statement correctly identifies job performance as the single best criterion for salary and job security. However, the statement goes too far, it ignores the fact that a cost-of-living salary increase for tenured employees not only enhances loyalty and, in the end, productivity, but also is required by fairness。
　　四、重申立场+引申扩展
　　How far should a supervisor go in criticizing the performance of a subordinate? Some highly successful managers have been known to rely on verbal abuse and intimidation. Do you think that this is an effective means of communicating expectations? If not, what alternative should a manager use in dealing with someone whose work is less than satisfactory?
　　In conclusion, supervisors should avoid using verbal abuse and threats. These methods degrade subordinates, and they are unlikely to produce the best results in the long run. It is more respectful, and probably more effective overall, to handle cases of substandard work performance with clear, honest and supportive feedback。
　　考生只要把握好以上四大托福写作结尾的注意事项之一，用好用活，托福写作的结尾就能给文章锦上添花。

