名师点拨：雅思写作成文篇之5分钟速成开头段
　　要写好开头段首先要明确开头段的定义。很多学生对文章开头段重要性的理解只局限于'给考官留个好印象'，因此盲目追求过于复杂的模板套句，生搬硬套。其实，在我的课堂上，我一直都在不断提醒着我的学员，开头段的真正作用是向读者介绍这篇文章是关于什么、讨论的对象是什么。明确了这一目的，那就需要抛弃炫耀式的复杂模板，踏踏实实的让开头段真正为文章服务。合理的开头段可以包括背景介绍、点明话题、阐明观点，2-3句话，40-60字，5分钟内完成。
　　(一)抛弃冗长模板。"使用模板，一律四分"的说法或许有些夸张，但也在一定程度上反映了考官对于模板的深恶痛绝。其实模板套句并不是不能用，而是要运用灵活，不留痕迹。在我见过的很多学员文章中，开头结尾的两个复杂到爆炸的长句在通篇简单句和基础语法错误的映衬下格外醒目，这种稍微有些英语知识的人都会识破的小聪明，更不可能逃过考官的眼睛。在这里建议学生们积累一些简单实用的基本套句，如，
　　我们的生活已离不开…
　　We can not imagine our life without (the mobile phone)。
　　我们随处都可以看到…/使用…
　　(An increasing use of machines) is now being witnessed everywhere。
　　(Fast food such as KFC and Mcdonald's)now could be found everywhere。
　　…已成为一个不断增长的趋势。
　　(Urbanization) has established itself as a growing trend。
　　There emerged a growing trend that (people are pouring into urban areas)。
　　越来越多的人选择…/倾向于认为…
　　More and more people are choosing (to study abroad)。
　　More and more people tend to believe that (more risks than benefits have been brought by air travel)。
　　…已经不再罕见
　　It is not uncommon to see that (female leaders are playing an equally important role as their male counterparts in various areas)。
　　It is not uncommon to see (people performing everyday task and even working at home)。
　　人们开始意识到…
　　People are beginning to realize (the side effects of television on family relationship)。
　　在几十年前，…很少有人会想象到…
　　Several decades ago, few people could have imagined that (our life would have changed so greatly due to the use of Internet)。
　　(二)开头具体化。具体化的开头是6分以及6分以上文章的一大特点，即 "要让考官觉得你这个开头是完全针对题目写出来的"，要做到这一点，就必须紧紧围绕话题展开。比如下面这道题目：
　　The development of technology changes the way people interact with each other. In what ways does technology affect the types of relationships people make? Is it a positive or negative development?
　　(开头段一)As a matter of fact, the issue on the effects of science and technology is a complex and controversial one. Different individuals can hold various opinions due to their distinct backgrounds, therefore, there is no universal answer to this question. In some areas, some people believe that technology has brought benefits on people's relationship, in other fields, others mountain that it has some side effects。
　　(开头段二) It is undeniable that science and technology has played an increasingly important role in modern society. The benefits brought by such trend are obvious, but problems have also been welled up. As for its influences on people's relationship, I believe the advantages brought by technology outweigh its drawbacks。
　　(开头段三) Even two decades ago, few people could have imagined that we can perform our daily tasks via computer. Now more and more people are choosing to do the shopping, banking and even work online. So how can such trend affect the interactions between modern-day people? I will give my answer in the following essay。
　　开头段一为典型的模板式开头，废话多，与话题关系小，毫无疑问会引起考官的反感。开头段二虽然也使用了模板句， 但运用较灵活，不足之处是背景句没有紧扣话题，虽然谈到科技影响生活但没有具体到'relationship'。开头段三语言虽简单但紧紧围绕话题'relationships'展开，灵活的使用了一些简短的小套句，而这样具体化的开头最受考官青睐。
　　(三)简单即是美。雅思作文考的不是文学修养而是学术写作能力，即如何运用语言有效的表达观点证明观点，因此，简单明了的开头会给考官留下效率高的好印象，而且简单的开头段避免了使用模板的嫌疑也节省了时间。例：
　　Science and technology have changed people's relationships significantly, which I believe has more benefits than risks。
　　It is argued that more risks than benefits have been brought by the development of technology on people's relationships. Personally, I can hardly agree with this opinion。
　　最后，写作重在练习，所谓熟能生巧，开头段的构思亦是一样。

