中国国际时装周2011春夏系列发布在京开幕
　　10月24日晚，中国国际时装周2011春夏系列发布会以一场内衣秀拉开帷幕。在随后的8天里，来自全国各地和美国、韩国、日本的37个知名品牌、37位知名设计师和213位设计新秀，将分别在北京798艺术区D·PARK北京会所、北京饭店、国家会议中心、北京国贸中心举办36场作品发布会和6项专业大赛；20余家知名模特机构代理的数百名职业模特、多家知名化妆造型机构的数十位化妆师和二百余家中外媒体的500多位编辑记者将参与时装周的展示制作和新闻报道。时装周期间还将围绕“3G时代的时尚传播”、“时尚追求中性还是回归本性”、“2011/2012秋冬成衣流行趋势”、“时装创意造型设计”等主题举办文化沙龙、大学生辩论会、专题讲座。
　　本届时装周除了女装、男装、内衣、童装、牛仔装以及针织时装等知名品牌和设计师作品专场发布外，大家还可以看到时装设计师与艺术家们带来的时装与雕塑、绘画、茶道等跨界艺术的展览展示。继持续冠名柏林、纽约、洛杉矶、迈阿密和墨西哥城的国际时装周之后，梅赛德斯-奔驰首度携手中国国际时装周，再次为其“完美、魅力与责任”的品牌内涵注入鲜活的时尚元素。期间，奔驰的全新E级敞篷跑车和GLK豪华中型SUV将亮相D·PARK北京会所，向广大时尚达人展现梅赛德斯-奔驰的无限魅力与非凡设计。“时装与汽车”的跨界合作令人期待且充满无尽的遐想。这一系列的有益尝试将进一步体现时装周内容的多元化，更加丰富时装周的文化性、创意性和时代性。
　　本届时装周发布场次较去年同期略少，但参与的设计师数量却有所增加，表明长期主导服装业增长的加工贸易型品牌已不再是市场的主流，以设计为主导的风格化品牌正在快速崛起，为传统产业的转型发展带来了勃勃生机。值得一提的是，本届时装周有7位男装设计师的专场发布，成为男装发布最多的一届时装周，将为弥补时装周男装设计的缺憾、推动中国男装业的升级发展起到积极作用。另外，网络时装品牌也首次出现在时装周上，表明目前电子商务的迅速崛起影响和改变着人们传统的消费习惯，新的营销模式将为时装设计师和时装产业带来新的发展机会。
　　经过十三年坚持不懈的努力，中国国际时装周不仅成为知名品牌流行趋势和中外设计师时装新作的发布中心，而且成为文化、创意和时尚的交流中心，备受中外媒体和业内外人士的关注，成为时装产业的风向标和生活时尚的策源地，成为国内外实力时尚品牌合作共赢的平台。
　　China Fashion Week Spring/Summer Collection2011 Held in Beijing
　　Night of Oct.24th,a hot lingerie show raised the curtain of China Fashion Week Spring/Summer Collection 2011. During the following 8 days, there are 36 fashion shows and6 professional contests presented in D·PARK 798 Art Zone, Beijing Hotel,China National Convention Center and Beijing International Trade Center by 37 brands, 37 designers and 213 fashion freshmen fromboth at home and abroad. We also had the participation of hundreds offashion models from 20 agencies and dozens of cosmeticians and stylists. More than500 journalists and editors covered this fashion festival. In addition, thereare salon discussing “Fashion Dissemination with 3G Technology”， debate on “To Neutralize or ToPolarize”， seminar about trends of Ready-to-Wear 2 A/W 011-2012, and Fashion Creative Styling Summit。
　　Besides women’s wear, men’s wear, lingerie,children’s wear, jeans wear and knit wear, we enjoyed crossover of fashion withsculpture, fashion with painting and, fashion with sado. After sponsoringBerlin Fashion Week, New York Fashion Week, Los Angeles Fashion Week, MiamiFashion Week, and Mexico Fashion Week, Mercedes-Benz cooperated with China FashionWeek this time, and refreshed its culture as “perfection, charm andresponsibility”. The brand new E Class roadster and GLK SUV were exhibited inD.PARK Beijing House during the week. Again, this is a surprising crossoverbetween fashion and automobile. All of the above events could be defined as seriesof experiments which explored the way for China Fashion Week to be morediversified, and more creative。
　　Compared with last year, showsdeclined in amount, but designers’ involvement increased. This is obviously aproof of the transformation for China’sfashion industry from the long-time dominated trade brands to designer brands. Worthmentioning, we witnessed the most men’s wear designers’ show in this fashionweek: as many as 7. Moreover, e-commerce fashion brand stepped on the stage ofChina Fashion Week for the first time, convincing us that new distributionchannels doomed to bring new opportunities as well as challenges to thisindustry。
　　Through efforts andimprovements of 13 years, China Fashion Week has built itself into aprofessional service platform for fashion trends, design innovations and brandimages, which is also a definite focus of this industry。

