教练吉姆国家队教学的基本原则 最需提高的是什么
　　新浪体育讯　本文作者 国家队教练：吉姆-约翰逊(Jim Johnson)
　　高尔夫国家队球员在最近两场比赛中不如意的表现，引起了网上对我们的训练方式和我们建造这些极具潜力的球员的目标的批评。争论，其实是一件好事。争论可以检测球员、教练和机构；争论提供了一个考验个人品格和决心的机会。
　　高尔夫：一项个体化运动
　　就像力量是由内至外自然而生，所以打高尔夫的欲望也应是自内而发的。如果打球的压力来自父母、家庭或者某机构，那么这位打球者在高尔夫或生活上成功的机率很低。我们当然希望球员都能打好球，但是我更相信，高尔夫运动真正的成功意味着让球员获得能力来控制他(或她)自己的高尔夫和人生。
　　高尔夫是一项极具个体化的运动，没有其它人能够代替球员去击球，如果球员的推击出了问题，他的队友也不能介入帮忙。父母、朋友和支持者常常试着要帮忙；但这种打扰只会伤害球员的得分能力，切忌‘帮忙’。团体运动则不同，比如篮球，一名球员出现了问题，其他人可以协助完成扣篮得分，然而高尔夫却不行。
　　我见过很多非常有潜力的球员走在这种错误道路上，主要原因是高尔夫这项运动的性质所决定的。大多数不错的球员只会打出10%左右的好球，其余90%则是在好与坏之间。高尔夫球员之所以恐惧，就是因为他们认识到他们根本不可能控制好自己的任意一个击球。高尔夫球员能控制的就是他们如何思考和如何训练。这个理念并不复杂，但需要一个人惊人的决心、努力和信心，就是相信上帝给予他的能力。
　　我们训练体系的基本原则：
　　我们采用的训练方法是基于一个蓝图，就是要在以下各个方面全面建造球员：
　　我们把球队的训练体系建立在当今世界上顶级的高尔夫测试研究中心TPI(Titleist研究院)提供的研究成果上。TPI训练体系使用3D检测仪，测量了世界上最优秀的100名高尔夫球员的挥杆有效性。研究者已得出结论：这些最好的挥杆虽然都看起来不一样，但都以相似方式发力：从脚到臀，到肩再到手，最后才是杆头。就像牛仔挥出的鞭子，能量在身体内运行，以连锁反应的方式达到最大，最终实现在杆头上。
　　为了使这个过程准确实现，人体必须确保能够完成一定范围的动作。这个有效的能量产生传输过程的基础来自于一个强有力的核心。TPI训练方法就是基于目前最好的对长期高尔夫训练体系的研究。
　　TPI训练体系已帮助许多顶级PGA职业球员提升他们竞技水平。如果有兴趣了解更详细的内容，可以直接登陆TPI的官方网站：http://www.mytpi.com
　　这就是我们所采用的训练课程，不是因为它是仅有一条路径，而是因为现今世界顶级高尔夫球员们都在使用的这个训练课程。
　　怎样成为优秀的高尔夫球员？
　　事实上，很多人没有成为优秀、长久的高尔夫球手，是因为不具备一定的品格，也就是从心理到情感的基本因素。有许多高尔夫球手有短暂的辉煌，但很少有具备耐力和委身，抗拒长期的竞争性高尔夫运动所带来的起伏。时间最终会显示出谁有这样的品格，谁没有。
　　CGA的张先生的领导力令我们欣赏，他有远景目标，愿意对中国的高尔夫球界产生真正的长期影响。我们期待着未来更多的成效，我们现在已看到中国球员在各个方面均有所提升，正成为能走上世界舞台竞技的球员。
　　Golf Training Fundamentals
　　(Jim Johnson  Coach of the China National Team)
　　Lately, the China National Team members have struggled with their scoring in two competitive events, sparking negative comments on the internet regarding our training methods and our vision for building the skills and abilities of these talented players.  Controversy can be good.  It tests the players, the coaches and the institutions and provides an opportunity to measure the character and inner resolve of the individual golfers。
　　Golf is an Individual Sport:
　　Just as power moves from inside out, so does desire to play this game.  If pressure from parents, family or institution is what drives the golfer, then I give that person little chance of succeeding at golf or life.  We all want the golfers to play well, but I believe the way to achieve golfing success is to empower the individual golfer to be in control of his or her golf and life. 
　　Golf is an individual sport.  No team members are there to hit the shots for the players.  If a player is having trouble putting, no other player can step in and help.  Parents, friends, and supporters often do try, but this interference will only hurt the players scoring ability, never help.  Team sports like basketball are different, if a player is having trouble, another player can step up and shoot the ball.  Not in golf。
　　Golf is an up and down sport, some days everything goes well, some days it doesn't.  Most golfers are not able to choose a quality training path and stick with it, because when the inevitable bad rounds come, they move on to some other trick, always looking for short term scoring secrets--quick fixes to help them get their feel back.  A tip may work one day, then the next week, they're back to searching for the next tip that will help them find their game again.  Great players do not train this way. Top golfers work on solid fundamentals and stick to them regardless of any one or series of poor performances. 
　　I have seen hundreds of talented golfers go down this wrong path- largely due to the nature of the game.  Most good golfers hit about 10% of their shots well; the rest are somewhere between pretty good and poor.  Golfers panic because they realize they have no control over the outcome of any one shot.  What the golfer does have control over is how they think and how they train.  It's not that complicated, but it does take an incredible amount of determination, hard work and belief in ones God given abilities. 
　　The fundamentals of our Training Program:
　　We approach golf training with a view to building a complete picture of the golfers' abilities in all of the areas below:
　　We have built our training program using research from the top golf testing and research center in the world, the Titleist Performance Institute (TPI).  TPI uses 3-dimensional motion analysis to measure the swing efficiency of most of the top 100 golfers in the world.  Researchers have concluded that the best swings in the world, though they may look very different, all generate power in similar patterns.  That is, power is generated from the ground up, from the feet to the hips, then to the shoulders, hands, and finally to the club head.  Like the cracking of a whip, the energy moves up through the body in a chain reaction that produces the maximum energy transfer to the club head. 
　　In order to perform this move correctly, the human body must have certain ranges of motion, and the foundation of this efficient move comes from a strong and powerful core.  The TPI method is based on the best long-term golf fitness research available and has helped many of the top PGA tour players to improve their games.  For more information, see www.mytpi.com。
　　This is the course we're on, not because it's the only path, but because it is the path that the best players in the world are on.   
　　What makes a great golfer?
　　More than anything else, great golf comes down to character—having the ability to stay the course, to reject fear, to commit to the fundamentals instead of seeking after quick fixes.  I've seen a lot of talented players in the States make the same mistake, always changing their course, listening to every coach and every player for their opinion, trying to grasp at something that will help them play better the next day.  Golf is uncertain and leads to this kind of behavior, but the great golfers rise above that.  They stick with the fundamentals and keep working on them, over and over, knowing that time and commitment will bring better scores。
　　The fact is, most people do not have the character—the mental and emotional makeup to become a great long-term golfer.  There are many golfers with short-term success, but few who develop the stamina and commitment to weather the ups and downs of competitive golf over the long-term.  Time will show who has character and who doesn't. 
　　Many players are just too afraid of looking bad to be able to stay the course when they aren't playing well.  One thing is certain, golf will make every player, no matter how great they are, look bad at times.  The great players are able to remain sure of themselves when everyone around them is doubtful, and they continue to work hard at the basics, motivated from the inside, rather than from fear of what others think。
　　The world's top golfers are those who think independently- those unafraid of looking bad.  We want to help the team members grow into world class players, and in order to do that they are going to have to think like world class players, to train like world class players, and to develop an independence of mind that does not worry about their scores being negatively affected in the short term, or of the bad things that people say about them。
　　We are proud of the hard work and positive changes made by the players on the China National Team.  We want to encourage China's golfing community, and especially the parents of talented players, to be patient and to think long-term about what real success will take.  There is a wise saying, "The patient spirit is better than the proud spirit."  In order to protect how they are viewed by others, many parents and players anxiously seek quick fixes and short-term solutions.  Great players stick to the fundamentals and practice them over and over again。
　　Let's strive to develop character—the ability to rise above concern about what others think in order make wise decisions about how to reach long-term, lasting results。
　　We are impressed with Mr. Zhang's leadership of the CGA.  He has the vision and willingness to implement real, long-term changes for the development of golf in China.  We look forward to continued success as we see the players growing in all areas of their game and becoming the kinds of golfers that can make it on the world stage。

