老虎伍兹名人赛新闻发布会全文 35分钟畅所欲言
　　新浪体育讯　北京时间4月6日凌晨，正在备战美国名人赛的老虎伍兹，在奥古斯塔出席了一个小型的新闻发布会，这是伍兹性丑闻曝光后首次接受媒体提问。发布会整整持续了35分钟多，内容涵盖了很多方面，从他与瘾癖的斗争，他的康复情况，性丑闻事件以及高尔夫运动本身等等。以下是发布会实录的中英文对照：
　　CRAIG HEATLEY: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Craig Heatley and I'm the chairman of the Masters Media Committee. It's my pleasure to welcome everyone to Augusta National Golf Club and to the 2010 Masters Tournament. I would also like to welcome Tiger Woods, our four-time Masters Champion. This is Tiger's 16th Masters Tournament。
　　克雷格-希特利：女士们先生们下午好，请允许我对大家表示热烈的欢迎。我是美国名人赛的新闻官克雷格-希特利(Craig Heatley)。我很荣幸的对每个来到奥古斯塔参加名人赛的人表示欢迎，现在为大家介绍的是泰格-伍兹，4届美国名人赛冠军。这是伍兹第16次参加名人赛。
　　Tiger, we are delighted to have you here with us, and what a beautiful day out there to start Masters week. Are there any comments that you would like to make before we invite questions from the floor?
　　泰格，我们很高兴看到你来到这里，这是开启本周美国名人赛之旅的美妙一天。在我们邀请媒体提问前，你是否有什么想说的？
　　TIGER WOODS: Sure. Well, today I got a chance to play with Craig there -- or, sorry, Craig; Freddie, and then Jim joined us on the 13th hole, and it was just what a great day today。
　　伍兹：当然，呃，今天的练习我很荣幸与弗雷迪一起，在第13洞吉姆也加入我们，今天是很棒的一天。
　　Coming into today, I didn't know what to expect with regards to the reception, and I tell you what, the galleries couldn't be nicer. I mean, it was just incredible. The encouragement that I got, it was just -- it blew me away to be honest with you, it really did. And the people here over the years, I know they are extremely respectful, but today was just something that really touched my heart pretty good。
　　今天到来时，对发布会我感到忐忑不安，但现在我想说这不能再好了，简直是让我难以置信。我深受鼓舞，这让我可以与大家坦诚相对。多年来这里的人们一直都很值得尊敬，但是今天仍有某些东西真正触动了我的内心。
　　I would also like to I guess make another little comment before we start. I know that the players over the past few months have been bombarded with questions by all of you and the public, as well, and I would like to tell all of the players, hopefully after today, after answering questions at this press conference, the players can be left alone to focus on the Masters and focus on their game, not only for this week, but going forward, as well. And certainly apologize to all of them for having to endure what they have had to endure the past few months。
　　在开始提问前，我想就媒体提问简单的说几句。在过去的几个月里，球员们都已经遭到了在座各位和公众的许多关于我的提问。现在我想告诉所有的球员，希望今天之后，在这个发布会上提问之后，球员们可以专注于名人赛的比赛，不只是本周可以专心比赛，以后也是如此。他们在过去几个月里不得不忍受与自己和比赛无关的提问，我感到抱歉。
　　A lot has happened in my life over the past five months, and I'm here at the Masters to play and compete. And just really excited about doing that. I missed the competition. I missed seeing the guys out here. A lot of my friends, I haven't seen in a while. It was great to play golf again with Freddie and Jim, two of my best friends out here, and I played with Mark yesterday for nine holes and I'm playing with him again tomorrow, as well as Steve Stricker. So it's been just an incredible experience so far here at the Masters。
　　在过去的五个月，我的生活中发生了很多事情，今天能够来到这里参加名人赛我真得非常兴奋。我错过很多比赛，以及与球员们交流的机会。有很多朋友好久不见。能够与我最好的朋友弗雷迪和吉姆一起重新开始打高尔夫，这种感觉很棒。昨天我与马克-欧米拉一起打了9个洞，明天我还会与他以及斯蒂夫-史翠克一起下场。这是迄今为止我在美国名人赛最难以置信的经历。
　　Q. Tiger, you said in some recent TV interviews that everything was in the police report, but the police report didn't contain what was it about the injuries that sent you to the hospital. Can you tell us what they were?
　　提问：泰格，在最近的电视采访中你说关于车祸的有关情况都在警察的报告里，但是警察的报告中并没有提到受伤及送你去医院的情况。你能跟我们说说吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: Yeah, I had a busted-up lip and a pretty sore neck, and that was it。
　　伍兹：我的嘴唇破了，颈部有些疼痛，就是这样。
　　Q. And secondly, in the five --
　　提问：第二个问题，在过去五……(注释：被伍兹打断)
　　TIGER WOODS: It required actually five stitches in my lip。
　　伍兹：我的嘴唇缝就了5针。
　　Q. From the five weeks from the accident until you went into therapy, why didn't you speak to the police, any of your corporate sponsors or the media that have covered you year-round?
　　问题：从车祸到你去治疗中心这期间的五星期里，你为什么不告诉警察、你的赞助商以及媒体这一年来你的真实状况？
　　TIGER WOODS: I did everything to the letter of the law. The lawyers gave me advice and I followed that advice, and again, I did everything to the letter of the law. I did talk to my sponsors, and people that -- who I was close to at the various companies, but mainly I spent a lot of time with my family。
　　伍兹：我所做的一切都是合乎法律的，律师们给了我建议，我遵从这些建议，遵循法律条文行事。我有与赞助商沟通，与各个公司和我关系密切的人沟通，但我最要的时间都花在了家庭上。
　　Q. What's been the most difficult thing for you to deal with these past few months, and how have you dealt with it?
　　问题：过去几个月里对你而言最难处理的事情是什么，你是怎么处理的？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, probably two things. I think one being -- having to look at myself in a light that I never wanted to look at myself; that was difficult. How far astray I got from my core fundamentals and the core morals that my mom and dad taught me; and having to break all that down, and as I said in the interview, with all of the denial and rationalization; to cut through that, I had to really take a hard look at myself. And that's what I started finding strength and peace。
　　伍兹：或许有两个是最难处理的。一个是正视那个我一直逃避的真实的自己，这是很困难的。我背离了父母教育我的核心价值观和道德观到底有多远？我背离了这一切，就像我之前接受采访时说的，我需要重新审视自己，我需要重新找到力量和内心的平静。
　　And the other is the -- the other difficult part I think over the past few months has just been the constant harassment to my family. My wife and kids being photographed everywhere they go; being badgered, that's tough. That's tough on them, because it's really hard for us to heal and try and get through this as best we can。
　　另一个，过去几个月另一个最难处理的问题是：我的家人不断面临着骚扰。我的妻子和两个孩子走到哪里都会被人拍照，被人纠缠，这让人难以忍受。这对他们很残忍，因为些干扰使得我们不能全身心的去愈合创伤。
　　Q. You said in February that when you returned to the game that you wanted to show more respect for the game; in what way are we going to see sort of differences out there between the ropes and outside the ropes?
　　问题：你在二月份说过，当你重新回到赛场时你希望展现得更尊重这项运动；在赛场内外我们能看到你什么样的变化？
　　TIGER WOODS: Yeah, great question. I'm actually going to try and obviously not get as hot when I play. But then again, when I'm not as hot, I'm not going to be as exuberant, either. I can't play one without the other, and so I made a conscious decision to try and tone down my negative outbursts and consequently I'm sure my positive outbursts be will calmed down, as well。
　　伍兹：这是个好问题。实际上我已经在努力让自己在比赛中情绪不要过于激动。但是同时，当我在比赛中不激动时，就不能保持激情，而且在比赛时我不可能将这两点分割开，所以当我有意识地控制负面情绪的爆发时，同时一些激情迸发的好状态也会减少。
　　Just trying to be more respectful of the game and acknowledge the fans like I did today. That was just an incredible reception today for all 18 holes, and show my appreciation for them. I haven't done that in the past few years, and that was wrong of me. So many kids have looked up to me and so many fans have supported me over the years. Just wanted to say thank you to them, especially going through all of this over the past few months, it really put things in perspective for me and how much I have appreciated -- or underappreciated the fans in the game of golf。
　　所以我只是想对比赛多一些尊重，并像今天一样对球迷致谢。在今天的练习中，18洞每一个洞都对球迷致意表示感谢是个美妙的体验。在过去几年中没有这么做是我的错。在过去几年中有那么多的孩子以我为榜样，那么多球迷支持我。在这里，我想对他们说谢谢。特别是经历了这几个月的艰难之后，让我可以用正确的态度看待一些事情，审视自己多大程度上肯定或低估了高尔夫运动中的球迷。
　　Q. You won a lot of golf tournaments over the last five years living a completely secret life; how were you able to do that? And secondly, do you feel -- what kind of golfer do you feel you'll be now going forward without having this secret?
　　问题：在过去的五年里你的私生活一直很隐蔽，在这种情况下你获得很多高尔夫比赛的冠军，你是怎么做到这一点的？其次，当这些私密不再存在，你感觉接下来你将成为什么样的高尔夫球员？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, I think how I was earlier in my career, I was at peace, and I've had some great years. Unfortunately what I've done over the past years has been just terrible to my family. And the fact I won golf tournaments I think is irrelevant. It's the pain and the damage that I've caused, you know, my wife, my mom, my wife's family; my kids going forward are going to have to -- I'm going to have to explain all this to them。
　　我觉得我职业初期是如此的心态平和，如此的出色。很不幸，我在过去几年对家庭做了一些可怕的事情。事实上，我认为赢得高尔夫比赛这件事无关紧要。重要的是我造成的伤害，就像大家知道的，我必须对我的妻子、母亲、我妻子一家以及我的孩子有一个解释和交代。
　　You know, that's my responsibility. I did it. And I take full responsibility for it, and as I said, winning golf tournaments, I think through all of this is irrelevant compared to the damage I've caused。
　　你知道，这是我的责任。我要为我过去的错误承担所有的责任，正如我所说的，我所有职业赛场上的成功都不可以平复我所造成的伤害，这两件事不能在一起比较。
　　Q. You've been known as a great proponent of drug testing on the PGA TOUR, as you probably know Dr. Anthony Galea was arrested with performance-enhancing drugs in his possession and as you know Dr. Galea said he's been to your to your home four times. Why did you feel it was necessary to have this particular doctor tore come to your home and what did he specifically do for you?
　　问题：众所周知，你是美巡赛药检的支持者，你大概也知道了安东尼博士因为携带违禁药物被逮捕，而他说过曾去过你家四次为你治疗。为什么你会认为有必要让他去家里为你治疗，他都为你做了什么？
　　TIGER WOODS: Okay. Well, Christine, he did come to my house. He never gave me HGH or any PEDs. I've never taken that my entire life. I've never taken any illegal drug, ever, for that matter。
　　他的确来过我家，但他从来没有给过我HGH或是PEDS，我从来没有服用过那些，从来没有服用过不合法的药。
　　I had PRP, platelet-enriched plasma treatments, and basically what that is that that they draw blood from your arm spin it in a centrifuge and spin the plasma into the entries. As you all know, 2008 I brew out my ACL and part of my reconstruction with my LCL, it wasn't reacting properly, it was a little bit stuck. And so I had the PRP injection into my LCL。
　　我曾服用过PRP(富血小板血浆治疗)， 基本上也就是从你的肩膀上抽出血液， 然后在离心机上进行分离， 再将血浆注射到受伤部位 。正如你们所知，2008年我的韧带断裂了，进行了韧带重建手术，一开始反应不是那么好，有点僵硬 ，因此我采用富血小板血浆治疗法。
　　And then in December, I started to train, start running again and I tore my Achilles in my right leg. I then had PRP injections throughout the year. I kept re-tearing it throughout the year and throughout the summer. I used tape most of the year to play, and so -- I also went to hyperbaric chambers after the injections to help drive in the -- it does help you heal faster and did everything I possibly could to heal faster so I could get become on the golf course going through the PRP injections。
　　12月份的时候 ，我开始进行训练，开始跑步。结果我右腿的那个地方又出现问题，我接下来整年都在接受富血小板血浆治疗。整个夏天我都过的非常痛苦，我其本上都是绑住小腿来练习的。同时我也会去高压仓调节 ，这样有助于我开球。这的确让我恢复的很快，富血小板血浆治疗法的确使我各个方面都恢复的很好，让我能够更加快的回到高球赛场上来了
　　Q. What were you anticipating today to be like for you and how nervous are you sitting here?
　　问题：你对今天的情况有过什么设想，坐在这里你有多紧张？
　　TIGER WOODS: Sitting here, not that nervous, no. As far as getting out there, I was definitely more nervous. That first tee, I didn't know what to expect, I really didn't, Steve. It's one of those things where I've never been in this position before. To be out there in front of the people where I have done some things that are just horrible, and you know, for the fans to really want to see me play golf again, I mean, that felt great, that really did. Usually I kind of focus on placements of shots and getting ready, but today was a little bit different. I kind of took it in a little bit more, sort of more than I think I have in a long time, and it felt really good。
　　伍兹：坐在这里，我并没那么紧张。反而是走到外面(赛场)，我肯定会更紧张。在第一洞发球台，我不知道会发生什么，我真得不知道，之前我从没有过这种情况。走到赛场上，在众人面前必须做些什么，这让我感到紧张，因为要知道，球迷真得很期待再次看到我打球。我的意思是这种感觉很棒，是真的。通常我只会关注于挥杆，而今天(练习时)有一点不同，我又多了一个关注点(球迷)，这种感觉真得很好。
　　Q. You touched on it with Scott a little bit but usually have tunnel vision when you play, and I saw you out there engaging with the fans; will you be able to keep your competitive edge as high as it was and also be more engaging with fans?
　　问题：练习时你与斯科特有简单接触，但是通常当你打球时会很专注，我看到今天你与球迷进行了互动，你会继续保持高度集中以提高竞争力还是会与球迷有更多互动？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, I think come game time it might be a little different. I'm obviously going to try to get the ball in the hole as best I can but during the practice rounds, I think just acknowledging the fans and their support for me, especially what has transpired in my life, for them to still cheer for me is just incredible, it really is。
　　伍兹：嗯，我想正式比赛时或许会有点不同。比赛时我会尽全力让小球进洞，但是在练习轮我只是想对球迷以及他们对我的支持做出些回应，特别是发生了这么多事情后他们依然支持我，他们仍然为我加油这简直让我不敢相信。
　　Q. You and the rest of us discovered a lot of media we didn't know existed until the accident. I just wondered your response to the mainstream media, which was a lot more critical, obviously, than it had been; were you surprised, or did you sort of expect that?
　　问题：你和我们这座的记者都发现在车祸事故后涌现出很多新媒体。但我想知道你怎么看很多主流媒体对你的批评，对此你感到惊讶还是一切都在预料之中？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, I was surprised at the mainstream media. I think it's also the times have changed, as well. With 24-hour news, you're looking for any kind of news to get out there。
　　伍兹：我对主流媒体感到惊讶。我想或许是时代改变了，24小时不间断的报道使得大家要去挖掘任何新闻。
　　I know a lot of my friends are in here, and I haven't seen them, I haven't talked to them, but I've read their articles, and of course they have been critical of me. They should, because what I have done was wrong. But then again, I know a lot of them -- I know a lot of you in here are my friends and will always be my friends。
　　我知道还有很多我的媒体朋友也在这里，但是我还没见到他们也没与他们交谈，但是我已经阅读过他们的文章，毫无疑问内容都是批评我。他们有理由这么做，因为我犯了错误。但是即便如此，他们中的很多人还有在座的很多人都是我的朋友，并永远是我的朋友。
　　Q. It's been reported you took prescription drugs, Ambien and Vicodin, can you speak to when you started taking them, how you needed them for tournament golf if you did and if you ever became addicted to either one of them or received treatment?
　　问题：据报道，你服用处方药Ambien(安眠药)和Vicodin，能说说你是什么时候开始服用的吗？在比赛中你有多需要他们？你是否对其中一种药成瘾或者接受治疗？
　　TIGER WOODS: I've taken them, yes, I've had some, as everyone knows, pretty interesting knee situations over the years. I've had, what, four operations now on my left knee. Then last year with my torn Achilles, it hurt quite a bit at times. And yeah, I did take that, and I took most of the time I was on the Ambien was when my dad was sick and when my dad died; that was a tough time in my life。
　　So that's when I was still taking some of those things to help me sleep. And that's about it。
　　伍兹：是的，我服用这两种药。大家都知道这几年来我膝盖的情况。我的左膝接受了四次手术。去年我的跟腱撕裂，这造成很大困扰。并且，当我父亲病逝后我服用安眠药很长时间，这是我一生中非常艰难的时期。
　　所以我一直在服用这类药以帮助睡眠，就是这样。
　　Q. Have you ever received for it --
　　问题：你有没有因此接受治疗
　　TIGER WOODS: No, mm-hmm。
　　伍兹：没有。
　　Q. How is your knee, and does it still give you pain on a daily, weekly, monthly basis?
　　问题：你的膝盖怎么有了，它会每天、每周、还是每月带给你困扰？
　　TIGER WOODS: You know, my knee feels great. The only time it doesn't feel good is when a front comes through; that's when most people realize it, arthritis in there when you get a little older. But other than that, it feels great. It's strong. It's explosive again, which is great, and now my Achilles is good now, so I'm training like I used to years ago。
　　伍兹：你知道，我的膝盖现在感觉很好。唯一一次感觉不好就是我跪倒的时候，这点想必大家也都了解。当人年纪大点总会遇到到关节炎。除此之外，一切都好。它很强壮，现在我的跟腱也好了，因此我已经恢复了从前的训练。
　　Q. If I could just follow-up on Chris's question, there are a lot of doctors who do blood spinning, and what was it that prompted you to go to or have Dr. Galea come?
　　问题：我还想接着问一下刚才提到的医生的问题，很多医生都可以做血液透析，是什么促使你找安东尼-盖利亚治疗？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, he's worked with so many athletes. That's also one of the reasons why I saw Dr. Whiten for my eyes is he's on a lot of different athletes and there's a certain comfort level to that when a person has worked with athletes。
　　伍兹：呃，他为很多运动员服务。这是我选中他的一个原因，我认为他为许多不同运动员服务，肯定更擅于治疗对运动员遇到的伤病。
　　Q. You said earlier that you were in some form of a rehab; can you talk about are you still in rehab and what you were in there for?
　　问题：你此前说过自己在进行一个康复治疗，能告诉大家你是否仍在治疗中，治疗的是什么？
　　TIGER WOODS: Yeah, I was in there for 45 days and it was to take a hard look at myself, and I did, and I've come out better. I'm certainly a much better person for it than I was going in。
　　伍兹：是的，我有45天在接受治疗，是为了让我认真审视自己，我做到了并且效果不错。我在向好的方向发展。
　　Does that mean I'm ever going to stop doing that? No. I've got to still continue with my treatment. And that's going forward. That's not going to -- sorry, that's not going to stop in the near future for sure。
　　但是这是否意味着我可以停止不前了？不是的，我还得继续接受治疗。还要继续向更好的方向发展，抱歉这在短期内不会停止。
　　Q. What's that for?
　　问题：是什么治疗？
　　TIGER WOODS: That's personal, thank you。
　　伍兹：这是个人隐私，谢谢。
　　Q. Federal investigators have contacted some of the other athletes who have worked with Dr. Galea; have they contacted you as part of that investigation?
　　问题：联邦调查人员已经接触了部分接受过盖利亚医生治疗的运动员，他们有没有联系你要你协助调查？
　　TIGER WOODS: Yeah, they actually contacted Steiny, and full cooperation, whenever they need me, but as of right now they have not asked for my time。
　　伍兹：嗯是的，他们已经接触了Steiny，只要他们需要我，我会完全配合，但是目前他们还没有对我提出任何要求。
　　Q. You said in your statement that you felt entitled over the years. I assume that wasn't the first time you thought that but how were you able to rationalize that while you were engaging in that behavior and still play such winning golf?
　　问题：你在之前的媒体声明中曾说到你认为自己有理由享受。我猜想这不是你第一次思考这个问题，但是你怎样说服自己那样做，并且怎样做到一边做那些事情，同时又保持赢球的状态？
　　TIGER WOODS: Explain that again? Sorry?
　　伍兹：能否请再解释一下，我没听明白
　　Q. You said you felt entitled to what you were doing before, at the same time how were you able to rationalize that in your mind while it was going on?
　　问题：你说过你觉得自己有权利去做以前做的那些事情，当一切发生时，你如何说服自己
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, that's part of the problem I had, is the way I was thinking was not correct. And as part of where I was at, I was rationalizing and denying and in total denial at times. Whatever I did, I lied to myself, I lied to others, and just because I said -- just because I was winning golf tournaments doesn't mean a thing. The way I was thinking caused so much harm with the people that I love and care about the most on this planet。
　　伍兹：呃，这是我自身存在的问题的一方面，在那种状态之下我的想法是不正确的。在那种状态下，我会给自己找合理的理由或者否定的理由，甚至是完全否定。我做的一切都是自欺欺人。这也就是为什么我会说赢得高尔夫比赛没有任何意义。我错误的思想给世界上我所爱和所关心的人带来巨大伤害。
　　Q. Did you only realize that after it became public?
　　问题：是在事情曝光后才意识到这点的吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: After I started going to treatment, that's when they started stripping all of that away from you。
　　伍兹：是在接受治疗之后，那个时候他们开始将我从中这些错误的思想中剥离出来。
　　Q. Your behavior, personal life before Thanksgiving, do you think it negatively impacted your play on the course at all? Could you have been playing better had you had more discipline in your personal life?
　　问题：你在感恩节前的行为和个人生活，对你在球场上的表现有负面影响吗？在对个人生活加以约束后，你是否会在比赛中表现得更好？
　　TIGER WOODS: I would like to say yes. I would be -- certainly would have had -- I would be more centered, more balanced, and that's where I'm headed towards. That's what I'm working towards each and every day。
　　伍兹：我想说，是的。我将要也必须要更加集中精力，平衡生活和比赛，这我生活的方向。是我每天要做的工作。
　　I meditate religiously again like I used to, going back to my roots with my Buddhism with my mom. I need to do these things the way I used to do it. And unfortunately I got away from that, and I just lost that and unfortunately also lost my life in the process。
　　我会从新拾起我的宗教信仰，在佛教和母亲的指引下找到心灵的根基。我从前一直这么做，但不幸的是我偏离了这个轨道，在我脱离信仰的过程中也偏离了生活的轨道。
　　Q. The story about the doctor you were working with has been out there for several months, and it led to some assumptions that you just denied, obviously people writing or speculating that you might have been doing performance-enhancing drugs, why not talk about that sooner to get that put aside? And you referenced your Achilles was that two months before you came back to golf last year?
　　问题：有关你的医生的问题已经流传了几个月，这导致了关于你的一些猜测，刚才你已经否认了这些。但是显然还有一些人人撰文或者猜测说你或许在服用一些提高成绩的药物，为什么不说说这个呢？还有，你提到了你的跟腱在你去年重返赛场前两个月受伤？
　　TIGER WOODS: Okay, why didn't I come out; because I haven't done any interviews, first of all. And when I did, you know, Kelly and Tom, I don't believe asked me those questions。
　　伍兹：好吧，我为什么不站出来说。首先因为我没有接受任何访问。当我接受访问时，你们知道，我认为凯利和汤姆不会问我这些问题。
　　But as far as the injury, yeah, it was the week before the Chevron tournament, and yeah, so it was a couple months prior. It's also one of the reasons why when I did come back and I did start playing, I was hitting the ball so short. I couldn't push off of my right side。
　　说到受伤，是在雪铁龙赛前一周发生的，所以是在我复出2个月前。这是也为什么当我重返赛场时开球会比较近并且偏右。
　　And as I said, as I said to Christine, I tore it a couple more times throughout the year, and needed the injections to try and heal the wound。
　　正如我以前说过的，一整年它撕裂了多次，因此我需要注射药物以愈合伤口。
　　Q. When you made that statement in February you gave the impression that you might not even come back this year; that you might be out for a long time. Did you genuinely believe that at the time and coming back was that entirely your decision and with the blessing of your family and your wife?
　　提问：在你2月份做出公开发言时，给人的印象是或许今年你都不能重返赛场，或许你会离开很长时间。你真得觉得现在是复出的恰当时机，这是否完全是你自己的决定并且得到了家庭和妻子的祝福？
　　TIGER WOODS: When I gave my speech in February, I had no intentions of playing golf in the near future at all. I just had barely started practicing two days prior to that. That was the first time I hit balls。
　　伍兹：当我在2月份发言时，我完全没想到能很快回到赛场。在那两天前我才刚刚开始练习，那是我(几个月来)第一击球。
　　And then I started hitting more balls and more balls and more balls and I started getting the itch again to start playing again (smiling). And Hank came down and we started working again and that felt great. It felt like old times. So much has transpired, it felt like old times to have Hank out there working on many I game and for hours and hours and hours on end, and that's when I made the decision to come back and play。
　　从那时开始我练习得越来越多，我开始手痒，想要再次参加比赛。在教练汉克的指导下我开始训练并且感觉很好。我感到就像回到了过去。
　　The reason why I didn't come back and play earlier than that, whether it was Tavistock Cup or Bay Hill, I wasn't ready for it. I wasn't even near physically ready to play at this level, and I needed more time。
　　至于我为什么没有再早一点复出，在戴维斯托克杯或者湾丘参加比赛，这是因为我还没有准备好。我在身体上没有做好准备，我需要更多的时间。
　　Hank has come down quite a bit. We've come up here on two different occasions, the last two Monday and Tuesdays we have come up here to do some work on the golf course, and here we are。
　　汉克和我在两个不同情况下已经下了场，在刚刚过去的那个周一和周二我们来这里下场。
　　Q. But was it sorely your decision or was there support from your family for that?
　　提问：但是这是你个人的决定还是家人也支持你这么做？
　　TIGER WOODS: I've had a lot of support, and that's been the great thing about it。
　　伍兹：我获得很多支持，这非常重要。
　　Q. There was a four-week lapse between the accident and when you entered therapy. When did you make that decision that this was something you were going to have to deal with rather than just push it into the background?
　　提问：在发生车祸和接受治疗中间有4周时间，你是什么时候做出决定：必须处理这一切而不是将其抛诸脑后？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, probably just prior to Christmas I made the decision to enter rehab. And having spent Christmas Day with my family was just incredible and then having to go off from there into treatment; that was a very difficult time, because what people probably don't realize is that because of the time frame of it, I missed my son's first birthday. And that hurts. That hurts a lot. I vowed I would never miss another one after that. I can't go back to where I was. I want to be a part of my son's life and my daughter's life going forward and I missed his first birthday. I mean, that was very hard that day and something I regret and I probably will for the rest of my life。
　　伍兹：大概是在圣诞节前我决定去治疗中心。在与家人共度了圣诞节后我前去接受治疗，这是个艰难的时期，因为或许很多人都不知道，我因此错过了儿子的第一生日。这让我很痛苦，我发誓我不会再错过后面任何一个生日。接受治疗时我不能回家，我想参与到儿子和女儿的生活中，我竟然错过了他的第一个生日，我想说这是非常艰苦的时刻，这将是我毕生的一个遗憾。
　　Q. Will Elin and the kids be joining you this week at the Masters, and if not, is that a sign that she's not ready to support you yet and should you be making this return so soon to the game?
　　提问：艾琳和孩子们会出现在名人赛上吗？如果不会，是不是意味着她没有准备好支持你这么早回到赛场？
　　TIGER WOODS: Elin is not coming this week, no。
　　伍兹：艾琳本周不会来。
　　Q. So should you be returning to the game so soon with -- time repairing your relationship?
　　提问：所以，你是否应该这么早复出比赛，在你们感情的修复期？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, I'm excited to play this week。
　　伍兹：嗯，我非常高兴本周能参加比赛。
　　Q. Will you keep your time, your management team intact, and how much did they actually know about everything that was going on?
　　提问：你是否会保留现在的管理团队，他们对发生的一切都不知情吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, I certainly have everyone around me. I've lied and deceived a lot of people and a lot of people didn't know what I was doing, either. So I've had, again, a tremendous amount of support, as well, from others on the outside, and it's been a difficult time, but also I'm actually surprised how much support I've gotten, as well。
　　伍兹：嗯，每个人都会留在我的身边。我撒谎和欺骗了很多人，他们不知道我的所作所为。在那个困难的时期我还能够再次获得来自团队和外来的巨大支持，我很惊讶自己能获得这么多支持。
　　Q. We've come to know you as a guy who controls things around you pretty tightly, whether it's this or everywhere around your life, and with all of the reports that have come out with seemingly a lot of loose ends with things you did, whether it be text messages or whatever those things be, it leads to wonder why you would leave so many loose ends, and is there almost some element of you wanted to get caught?
　　提问：我们知道你是一个对个人生活保护严密的人，但是出现了很多报道说到你私生活的混乱，这些只是报道还是确有其事？人们想知道你的生活为什么会如此混乱，是不是有什么原因促使你堕落？
　　TIGER WOODS: I don't know. All I know is I acted just terribly, poorly, made just incredibly bad decisions, and decisions that have hurt so many people close to me. That's enough。
　　伍兹：我不知道。我只知道我的行为时可怕的、糟糕的，我做出了很多糟糕的决定，伤害了我周围的这么多人。这就够了。
　　Q. How did you fool so many people for so long?
　　提问：你是如何能够长时间欺骗这么多人？
　　TIGER WOODS: You know, Tom, I fooled myself, as well. As I said, I lied to a lot of people, deceived a lot of people, kept others in the dark; rationalized, and even lied to myself. And when you strip all that away, you start realizing -- when I strip down all of that away and start realizing what I had done, the full magnitude of it, it's pretty brutal。
　　伍兹：你知道吗，我欺骗了我自己。正如我所说的，我对很多人说谎，欺骗很多人，让其他人一无所知。我给自己找借口甚至欺骗自己。当你跳出这种状态，你开始意识到——当我跳出来并意识到自己做了什么时，这种状况是非常残酷的。
　　I take full responsibility for what I've done, and I don't take that lightly。
　　我要为我的所做所为负全部责任，对这一点我确信不疑。
　　Q. What does this do to your legacy?
　　提问：这会给你带来什么教训？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, my dad -- it's amazing how he says things that comes back. In order to help people, you have to first learn how to help yourself, that's what he always used to say. I never understood that. When I was in treatment, I wrote that down; I looked at it every day, and learning how to help myself, I can therefore, I can help more people going forward, infinitely more, than I did prior to all this。
　　伍兹：我想起了父亲对我的教导，他过去经常说：要想帮助别人，你首先要学会如何帮助自己。我从来不理解这一点。当我接受治疗时，我把这句话写下来，每天看着它，学习如何帮助自己。
　　Q. In light of the off-course pressure that you've been experiencing, how important is the support that you have on the first tee when it's just you and your caddie, Steve Williams and what influence will he have on your four day at the Masters?
　　提问：经历了场外的重压之后，重要的是当你和球童站在第一洞时会获得什么样的支持，你的球童斯蒂夫-威廉姆斯会对你名人赛四天比赛产生什么影响？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, to have Stevie back, it's tremendous. It really is. He's a great friend, always has been and always will be. We are honest with one another. We've had a long talk, and it was a great talk, as well。
　　伍兹：斯蒂夫能够回来这非常重要。他是一个伟大的朋友，一直都是并且会永远如此。我们互相坦诚以对，我们促膝长谈，这是个伟大的交谈。
　　It's great to have him on the bag. He's excited to get back and compete again. He's been doing really well racing-wise. He won the New Zealand Championships. But also, this is another part of his life that he loves to do. He loves to be back here at Augusta, and for us to go back out there as a team together, it feels good。
　　很高兴有他陪伴。能够回来再次参加比赛他也很兴奋。他一直在进步，他赢得了新西兰锦标赛。同时，这也是他生命中的另一个挚爱。他喜欢回到奥古斯塔，我们能够回到这里并肩战斗，感觉很棒。
　　Q. Do you feel the same way about your pursuit of Jack Nicklaus's records, about winning golf tournaments, or does that have to take a different perspective now considering what happened in November?
　　提问：你还会继续追求打破杰克-尼克劳斯的大满贯纪录吗？还是从11月份发生的一切会让你有不同的想法？
　　TIGER WOODS: You know, when I -- when I went through that period when my father was sick and my father passed away, it put things in perspective real quick. And when my kids were born, again, it put it in perspective. And then what I've done here, it puts it in perspective; it's that it's not about championships. It's about how you live your life。
　　伍兹：你知道吗，当我-当我经历父亲生病和病逝的艰难时期，那是我的目标。当我的孩子出生时，我再次明确了这一目标。我在这里做的一切也与这个目标有关，这个目标不在于获得冠军，而是你要如何度过自己的一生。
　　And I had not done that the right way for a while, and I needed to change that. And going forward, I need to be a better man going forward than I was before. And just because I've gone through treatment doesn't mean it stops. I'm trying as hard as I possibly can each and every day to get my life better and better and stronger, and if I win championships along the way, so be it。
　　一段时间里我做得不够好，我需要作出改变，继续努力。我要成为一个更好的人。我来参加比赛并不意味着不再改变。每天我都在尽最大努力让我的生活变得更好、更强，如果同时我能够赢得冠军，我就会继续下去。
　　But along the way, I want to help more people that are -- that haven't quite learned to help themselves, just like how I was。
　　但是与此同时，我希望可以帮助更多人，帮助那些曾像我一样迷失自己的人。
　　Q. Did Ambien play a role in the car crash? You were described by the witnesses as mumbling, snoring, obviously sockless and according to the police hospital record, you were admitted as a possible OD?
　　提问：安眠药在车祸中扮演了什么角色？根据警察的记录显示，有人证明你当时在打瞌睡？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, the police investigated the accident and they cited me 166 bucks and it's a closed case。
　　伍兹：警方调查了事故，他们罚了我166块钱，整个案子已经终结了。
　　Q. Obviously the treatment is about improving yourself and getting back to the Masters and about improving golf, but from a Tiger Woods perspective, you've built an industry around yourself and a lot of companies got behind you. When they dropped you, and some of them did pretty quickly, others took a while; what was your thought about them dropping you and as you approach more victories and more majors, some sponsors will want to get back on board. What do you tell those sponsors when they want to support you about why they should get behind you?
　　问题：很显然，治疗帮你重新回到了高尔会赛场 来到了名人赛 ，但对于你看来，你已经建立了如此大的商业群，在你的身后有很多很多的公司 ,当他们放弃你的时候，有些公司是如此的快，有些略有迟疑，你怎么看待他们的做法，日后当你重新获得冠军，赢得更多大满贯的时候，他们其中有些会再次想回来，你会对他们说些什么？
　　TIGER WOODS: Do you want me to answer the first part or the second part? You did a long-winded one, Bro。
　　伍兹：你想让我回答第一部分还是第二部分，你说的太长了
　　The first part is do I understand why they dropped me? Of course. I made a lot of mistakes in my life. And I totally understand why they would do that. And then going forward, hopefully I can prove to the other companies going forward that I am a worthy investment; that I can help their company, help their company grow and represent them well。
　　第一部分是我是否知道他们放什么放弃我是吗？ 当然，我犯了很多错误在我的生活中。我完全理解他们为什么那么做，随着时间的推移，我想我可以证明我是值得投资的，我可以帮助他们的公司慢慢的壮大起来。
　　I felt like I was representing companies well in the past, but then again, I wasn't doing it the right way, because of what I was engaged in。
　　我觉得我过去也表现的不错对这些公司来讲，但后来我走了错路，因为我陷入了困境
　　Q. Golf-wise, what are your expectations this week?
　　提问： 高球的天才，你本周有什么期待？
　　TIGER WOODS: Nothing's changed, going to go out there and try to win this thing. (Smiling)。
　　一切都不会改变，去走向赛场，试着争夺冠军
　　Q. I think you would agree that putting has cost you a couple of green jackets in recent years. After playing here all of these practice rounds, are you more concerned with putting this week, or are there other parts of your game that concern you?
　　问题：我想你应该知道推杆发挥的好是你近几年来夺冠的关键，在这试好几天场之后，你是否更关心你本周的推杆了？或者你更关心别的？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, the fact that I haven't really played at all, that's a little bit concerning. I'm hoping I get my feel back quickly, you know, feel for the game, feel for shots, feel more how my body is reacting and what my distances are going to be. I hope I get that back, you know, relatively quickly. You know, maybe hopefully the first hole。
　　伍兹：对，事实上我还没有打过比赛，我更多关心的是我希望我自己能真正的回归赛场， 你知道，对比赛的感觉，对每一杆的感觉，身体上的反应及我的距离的控制 我更希望找回这些感觉，恢复的越快越好，最好是在第一洞。
　　But if not, please hope it's the second hole. But that's what I'm looking forward to. I'm looking forward to getting out there and doing that。
　　但如果没有就寄望于下一洞， 但我现在最想的是离开这里回到赛场上去。
　　Q. I was curious, you talked about your nerves a little bit, how do you expect that will be Thursday, a little different, obviously, since it matters; and then you talked about the fans being so supportive, when you met with your peers can you tell us who that was and how that went?
　　提问：我有些好奇，你提到你有点紧张，星期四你会期望有什么样的不同？刚你提到球迷们很支持你，当你看到你的支持者时，你能告诉我他们说了什么，做了什么吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: The fans were incredible. I'm looking forward to the first tee and teeing off. You know, that's getting out there and doing what I've done for a very long time and I'm looking forward to that。
　　伍兹：球迷的表现太不可思议了。  当我在第一洞正打算开球的时候，你知道，我之前曾在那儿开过球，我正打算要开球时，
　　As far as my peers, everyone's been great. It's amazing how many hugs I've gotten from the guys. This is only Monday. So I've seen the guys here yesterday and today and then a couple of times that I've been up here prior to this, some of the other players have been up here, as well. I'm actually surprised by that, how well received I've been。
　　如此多的支持我的人，每个人都非常兴奋。和他们每个人拥抱是非常惊奇的事儿。这仅仅是星期一 ，但我昨天就看到过他们很多次了。前几年我也曾多次遇到这样的情况，其它的球员打到那时也是一样 我对我来到这里受到这样的接待感到很吃惊。
　　Q. Why did you not feel the need to do what you were doing now a few months ago?
　　提问：为什么在一个月之前你没有感到你应像现在这样做呢？
　　TIGER WOODS: Because I was -- what do you mean, a few months ago? What was a few months ago, exactly?
　　伍兹：因为我？ 你的意思？ 几个月前？ 具体几个月呢？
　　Q. This year, January -- all right. December?
　　提问：今年，一月份？或者应是十二份吧？
　　TIGER WOODS: Which one? (Laughter)。
　　伍兹：到底哪一个？(大笑)
　　Q. Let's say December?
　　提问： 十二月份？
　　TIGER WOODS: December, because I wasn't at a right place for it. And in January, I was in rehab。
　　伍兹：十二月，因为我当时的状态不适合这样做，一月份我正在接受治疗呢。
　　Q. You've talked about the importance of your therapy and the rehab and that process. Was there a time  to that that you thought you needed therapy and you gave some consideration of going to rehab --
　　提问：你说过治疗和恢复的重要性，是否之前你想到过你需要治疗和恢复调整的必要？
　　TIGER WOODS: No。
　　伍兹：没有
　　Q. And you tried to quit whatever --
　　提问：你有没有想到过放弃？
　　TIGER WOODS: No, I was not in that position. I was not in that frame of mind. I was not in a place where -- I had not hit far enough on the bottom to make myself look at what I've done and what I was engaged in, and not until then; and once that happened, then I went to rehab。
　　伍兹：没有，我还没有陷的那么深，我没有意识到那些，在我没有到达治疗的地方前，我没有发现我已经陷的那么深了，一旦发现了，我就马上去接受治疗了。
　　CRAIG HEATLEY: We are going to take me more questions, ladies and gentlemen。
　　克雷格-希特利：我们希望大家再给我们提几个问题，女士们先生们？
　　Q. Are you planning on playing in The Ryder Cup this year?
　　提问：你今年计划去打莱德杯吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: Well, as of right now, I'm not on the team, am I? (Laughter) I'm not on the team point-wise. So I have a long way to go。
　　伍兹：好，现在吗？我还没有入选吧，我有入选吗？ 去打莱德杯，我还有很长的一段路要走。
　　Q. Would you like to play?
　　提问：你想去打吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: Would I like to play in it? If I qualify。
　　伍兹：我想不想打？取决于我有没有资格。
　　Q. After what you've been through in the last five months, what do you think some of your thoughts are going to be on the Thursday on the tee, and how tough is it to come back from the ACL?
　　提问：在过去的五个月你想了很多，你在周四的发球台上，你最看到的是什么？重新回到赛场有多么的难？
　　TIGER WOODS: That first tee, I'm looking forward to it. I haven't looked forward to that tee shot in a long time, not like this. It feels fun again. You know, that's something that's been missing. Have I been winning, have I been competing, have I been doing well? Yeah, I have. I've won numerous times the last few years but I wasn't having anywhere near the amount of fun. Why? Because look at what I was engaged in. When you live a life where you're lying all the time, life is not fun. And that's where I was. Now that's been stripped all away and here I am. And it feels fun again。
　　伍兹：一号洞发球台，我一直梦想着那里，我已经好久没有比赛了，那种感觉又仿倾佛回来了。球迷的鼓励让我感到开心，那是我失去的东西，当我夺冠的时候、打比赛的时候、或是表现出色的时候才能获得的鼓劲。我夺得过好多冠军了，但只有这一次让我觉得如此的高兴。原因在于我现在过的日子是真实的，不再是过去那个自欺欺人的日子了，那样的生活很不开心，现在那些都已离我开去 ，我感到很开心 。
　　Q. What was tougher -- this or ACL?
　　提问：哪一个更难受， 这里和在治疗所？
　　TIGER WOODS: I would have to say this emotionally and the ACL physically by far。
　　伍兹：我觉得这里是感情上的， 而治疗只是身体上的。
　　Q. What are your thoughts on your playing partners this week, any extra pressure they might be under?
　　提问：你觉得本周跟你同组的选手会感到格外的压力吗？
　　TIGER WOODS: You know, of all tournaments, I think this is the one tournament where it's not as bad. The media is not allowed inside the ropes. You don't have like at the U.S. Open and British Open, we have over a hundred people inside the ropes that are moving around。
　　伍兹： 你知道，对于整个巡回赛来说，我觉得这只是其中的一站，媒体也不会被允许走进绳内 ，这个不像是美国公开赛或是英国公开赛，，我们有一百多个工作人员在维护绳内的人不受干扰。　
　　It's going to be a lot more at ease this week than most weeks, so I think that most of the guys -- if there's one week that you would rather have a pairing with me, considering the circumstances, it would probably be this week。
　　我觉得对于那些一直想跟我同组打比赛的球手来讲，本周相比其它周来应更轻松。考虑到这些情况，本周应是最有可能的，
　　CRAIG HEATLEY: Tiger, as I said earlier, we are delighted to have you back. Good luck this week
　　克雷格-希特利：泰格，正如我之前说过的， 我们很高兴你能复出，祝你本周好运！
　　TIGER WOODS: Thanks, Craig. Thanks, guys。
　　伍兹： 谢谢，克雷格-希特利！ 谢谢大家！

